AMUSEMENTS.
PUBLIC GARDEN, MUSIC, ETC.
1MIK SUBSCRIBER most respectfully acquaints hi*
friends and the public that he in now prepared to re
ceive company at hi* Establishment. 11L Saloons and
Drawiug-ltooms are commodionsly fitted up for parties of
ladies and gei)tlemen, where they will he served hy
obliging and attentive waiters. Separate rooms furnished
for private parties. Hi* arbors i|ud grounds are being
put in proper order. Arrangements have been made with
the United States Marine Baud to perform on each Tues
day evening, until 11 o'clock His Creams, etc., will be
always of the best quality, and at moderate prices. No
effort will he spared by him in making his patrous com
fortable.
In order to insure a quiet, unamioyed promenade, he
adopts, for the present, the following course: l'atrons
visiting the Garden, when illiiuiiuated. will
chock at the ticket office, near the gate, for which 1 i
cents is required, and which check is redeemable in cou
fectionaries for the same amount.
An efficient police have been engaged to preserve order
on gala nights.
Thankful for patronage thus far, he hopes to deserve a
continuance of the same. His expenses in carrying out
the above are, it is obvious, very large, but he relies upon
the liberality.of the citizens to lie able to proceed.
F. HOLDICN, Proprietor
of Iiocust drove Garden,
June 2 dtf Corner of F and 20th streets.
GRAND MOONLIGHT EXCURSION,
UY Til*
WASHINGTON LIGHT INFANTRY'S HAND,
To Fort Washington, Mount Vernon, and Indian
J had, June 10th, 1851.
f <11 "" S The Members of the above liand take
X^.^igpleasure in presenting this Excursion to
ilie piuu.iui? would state that it will be conducted in a
way that will ensure an agreeable evening to every one
that will honor them with their company.
During the afternoon the Hand will give a Concert, em
bracing some of the most lieautiful and popular quick
steps, waltzes, and operatic pieces of the day.
The steamer Columbia, which has been engaged for the
occasion, will leave Georgetown at 2 o'clock p. m., Wash
ington 3 o'clock, Navy-Yard 4 o'clock, and Alexandria at
5 o'clock; the boat will leave these points at the hourt
named.
Supper and Refreshments, which will be furnished by
a celebrated caterer, can be had at reasonable rates.
Tickets $1?may be obtained of any member of the
Band or Company, and at the following places: Dr. G. M.
Sothoron, Georgetown; J. L. Savage, 1st Ward; II. Kuhl,
and Butt's Drugstore, 2d Ward; Hooper's and Dr. Patter
son's, 3d Ward: J. E. Powers and Shillingtou. 4th Ward;
ltupp's and Casparls, 5th Ward; Dr. Walsh, Navy-Yard;
and Dr. Stabler, Alexandria.
Committee of Arrangements from the Band.
.1. Massole'tti J. H. Ebcrbach
Wm. Bergman J. F. Tucker
W. Rupp.
Committee of Reception from the Company.
Captain Tate ' Ensign Meade
Lieutenant Tucker Sergeant Richey
Lieut. Clark Sergeant Powers
Private Hatch. Private Pick.
may 31?eo3t&MTu II. Kuhl, Treasurer.
FOR MOUNT VERNON-Three Trips !
_ m\p*" ^ THE Steamboat THOMAS COLLYER
. ?~L.;" leave Washington at 10 o'clock, Alex
juI.ma'aVT^. on MONDAY, June 2d, WEDNESDAY
4th, and FRIDAY 6th.
XtSr* Fare for the round trip, $1; Alexandria, 75 cents?
Children half-price. Coaches leave the Capitol at 9*4
o'clock. For seats in Coaches apply to Mr. HEESIDE.
Oeorgetowu, or to GEORGE A THOMAS PARKEK, Wash
ington. SAMUEL GEDNEY, Captain.
may 31?3tSatTu<iTh
NOTICE.
np HE following named Gentlemen have been selected
|_ as Managers for the Ball to be given for the benefit
of the FREEMAN'S VIGILANT TOTAL ABSTINENCE
SOCIETY, which will take place at the Saloon at Tempe
rance Hall, on Thursday evening. June 5tli:
J. I). Clarke, P. K. Iteiley,
George Savage, William Coale,
A. F. Cunningham, B. T. Starke,
A. Harrington, ' J. Senglcton,
Selby Parker, W. W. Demaine,
Z. K.Offut, Dr. Walch,
John Mills, D. Peirce,
William W. Thompson, Charles Turner,
John Thompson, A. Duvail,
A. V. Cross, B. P. Boll.
Tickets, admitting a gentleman and Ladies, $1: to be
obtained at the stores of Messrs. George Savage, Selby
l'arker; at the office of J. I). Clarke, esq., or of either of
the managers, and at the door on the evening of the
Ball. may 2S?WSTuATh?4t
TRAVELING.
SUMMER ARRANGEMENT?1851.
From New York and intermediate Places.
lOCTES
rpHE CAMDEN AND AMBOY RAILROAD and Phila
X delphia and Treutou Railroad lines leave Walnut
street wlia-f, Philadelphia, for New York, as follows:
1st class. 2d class.
At 6 a. m.. via Camden and Jersey city,
(Sundays excepted,) fare .... - $3 $2 60
At 9 a. in., via Tacony and Jersey city,
fare 3 2 50
At 10 a. m.. via Camden and South Am
boy, fare - - - - - ...... 3 200
At 4 p. m.; via Camden and South Am
boy, fare - -- -- 3 200
At 5 p. m? via Tacony and Jersey city,
(daily,) faro 3 250
Emigrant and Transportation Line from Philadelphia
at 4 p. m., via Bordentown and South Amboy, (except
Sundays.) Eire $1 50.
Merchandise transported at low rates to and from New
Yprk may 7?d2m
A CARD.
rnilE SUBSCRIBER has received another lot of very
1 cheap Dry Goods, which will lie run off at very low
prices, owing to the lateness of the season. Such as
Beautiful styles of Bareges. 25 cents
Lawns, fast color*. 12 16, 18%, 25, and 31 \\ cents
French Jaconets, fast colors, 26 cents
20 pieces more of those Brown and White Lawns,
which were so much admired by the Ladles ol
plain tastes; colors perfectly fast, and styles en
tirely new
1 case fine bleached Shirtings, at 0'4 cents
1 case extra good bleached Shirting, 10 cents
25 pieces real New York Mills Cotton
25 do Allcnsdale Shirting
100 do of Other celebrated makes of Shirting Cloth
60 do fine Collar and Bosom Linens
75 do extra heavy Linens, for Shirting, Pillows,
Slips, liounges, &c.
With many more great bargains, too numerous to
Itemize. Persons will find a good stock, at prices that
cannot fall to please, at G. W. \ KRB\ S,
may 30?tl'iwlf Pa av, between 7th and 8th sts.
SODA WATER.
BUTT'S celebrated Sot>\ Fount UN is in full operation.
Good Syrups and plenty of lee.
Call In ami try It at IIUTT8 A)>otliecary
may 16?dim ami Drug Store, cor. Pa av and 12th st.
1MEUBHCH Worked Collar*, Lace?, <v < .
. Just opened?a new and handsome assortment of
French worked Collars, Und -rsleeves. Infants Waists
Cambric and muslin Insertings and Edgings
Valencia and other Ijaees
Alexander's Kid Gloves, Silk Mitts and Gloves
RIBBONS, Hosiery. Flowers, Bonnet Caps
Crapes, Laces, Gimps. Straw and Corded Bonnets
FANS?600 Palm Leaf, Spanish. Ivory frame A Feather
Ladles and Gentlemen an- invited to examine the
assortment of Fancy Goods, Perfumery, Ac. Ac., at
MRU. K. COLLI SON'S
may 20 Fancy A Millinery Store, 7th st. above II.
JOSEPH WIMSATT,
MALM IN
GROCERIES, WINKS. TEAS, k LIQUORS,
(tor. of IVnntylraniit Aivnue and Thirteenth rtreel,
may SB WlMNNIi CRT, D. C. d A y
NOT BAD TO TAKE.
SHERMAN'S A PALES' Cough. Worm, Camphor, Cath
artic, mid Dysentery l/>r.etigcs.
These l?xenges an1 remedies the most pleasant to the
taste imaginable, and truly safe ami valuable for the pur
poses intended. A trial of the Cough and the Worm
Loiengei is particularly Invited.
A. GRAY. Bookseller,
Bp 2| eotf 7th street, opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
HYMNS-BIBLES PRAYER-BOOKS.
HYMNS of the Methodist Episcopal Church
Hymns of the Methodist F.piseopal Church South
Hymns of the Methodist Protestant Church
Lutheran llymns
The Psalmist, with supplement
Watts and Kippon
Watts and Select Hymns
Parish Hymns
Psalms and Hymns
Episcopal Prayer-Hooks, with Is'ssons
Bitile and Prayer?bound together
Catholic Prayer-Books
Bibles and Testaments; large and substantial !? ami
Bibles, Pocket Bibles, etc.
All of the above In every variety and style of binding.
A. GltAY.
ap 2ft?endtf 7tli street, opp. Odd-Fellows' Hall.
SMOKERS ATTENTION!
IF you want a really tine CIGAIi, you should call at
LLOYD'S, and try some of his Genuine llavanas.
You will there find Cigars of all flavors, and all degrees
of strength. Old Tobacco cliewers say that our Tobacco
cannot be surpassed either In this or any other city.
We would advise an early call, at
J AS. T. LLOYD A CO.'S.
may 27?eotr Pa aT.'S doors east of 16th street.
/ 1HE AP STATIONERY AND SCHOOL BOOKS, Slates
yj Copy Books, Quills, Steel Pens, Ac.
~For sale at TAYL >R A MAURY'S
ap 18?tf Bookstore, near 9th it.
GEORGETOWN AND ITS AFFAIRS.
Georgetown, June 8?12 m.
At Forrest Hull last night there was a crowded
house, and the performance ot the Opera troupe
gave universal satisfaction.
Quick & Co.'s menagerie appeared in our
town to-day. They havo pitched their tents on
Fenwick's hill, near the Monastery, where they
intend exhibiting this afternoon ; and judging
from the excitement produced by their passage
through town, they will be liberally patronized.
The Mount Vernon Guards paid us a short
visit yesterday; their soldier like appearance
elicited the admiration of all who saw them.
I would suggest, to those who are superin
tending the improvements at the Methodist
Protestant Church, the propriety of keeping
pace with the spirit of the age, by removing
those huge wood columns that support the gal
leries, and substitute cast iron ones, and not
spoil the beauty of what they have doue by suf
fering thein to remain.
An Infallible Cure for the Rheumatism.?Walk,
ut a moderate gait, far enough every day to get
into a pleasant perspiration; then step in at
Dr. Linthicum's, at the square, and take a glass
of his excellent Soda Water, properly seasoned
with Electro Magnetic Syrup, which the Doctor
has permission from me to use, but not to sell
the recipe.
I conversed on yesterday with a gentleman
who has just returned from a tour through a
part of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia,
who says that never, in his recollection, was
the prospect for an abundant harvest more
promising.
There was a sale yesterday of 300 bbls. of
Hour at $4 J per bbl., and 1700 bushels prime
wheat at 92 cents.
Arrivals.?Packet schooner Harriet, Garret
son ; schr. II. May, Philadelphia, to E. 1 ick
rell & Co.
Sailed.?Packet schr. Senator, Kirby, mas
ter, New York; packet brig Ann Elizabeth,
Eldridge, master, Boston; packet steamer Co
lumbia, Harper, Baltimore.
Canal Trade.?Arrived, Caroline, Cumb., 94
tons of coal; William, 108 miles, 75 tons of pig
iron and 2G bales of hay; Potomac, 100 miles,
3300 bushels of mill offal.
Departed?Eagle, D. Shriver, Scow, Captain
Walker, Henrietta, D. J. McCoy, Ohio, Wells,
A. Harper, M. Standish. . Electro.
GEORGETOWN.
STRAW HATS! STRAW HATS!
SEYMOUR,
Bridge street, G doors east of High, Georgetown,
l??. Has just received from the North, per Adams A
/ m Co.'s Kxpross, an elegant assortment of New Styles
49% of Summer HATS, for dents' and Youths' wear?
irnct?very low. , , ,,
Also, a now style of soft Hat for Gents' wear, called the
Knglish Gossamer, or World's Fair Hat. A greut variety
of Gents' and Boys' slouch and fancy straw Hats. Great
bargains will be given at
may 31?eo3tif W. F. 8KYMOPR 8.
G
1 OLD WATCH LOST. ?A cupped ({old Watcli.
v7 with gold chain and seal, was lost, a short distance
below the Foundry, on the Canal tow-path. The finder,
by returning it to Mr. Bryan, Collector of Tolls for the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company, will be liberally
"gySS-a. JACOB PNIVKLY
S0D& WATEH.
JL. KTDWEIX'S celebrated Soda Fountain has opened
. for the Summer Campaign, at his headquarters in
Georgetown, where his numerous friends and customers
can Is- supplied with the above article.
Visiters from Washington and strangers generally will
tie much relieved from the effects of a dusty ride on a hot
day by calling at his Drug Store on High street.
may 16?tf
C. H. VAN PATTEN, M. D.,
Surgeon Dnitlut,
Office near Hruwn't Hotel, lYnnsytvania avenue,
Charges New York and Philadelphia prices, and guaran
ties his work to be equal to any done in those cities.
ap 5?tf
JN0. B. KIBBEY & CO.,
Dealers in
FINE GROCERIES, WINES, AND LIQUORS.
No. b, opposite Centre Market,
8p 10 Washington Cm, I). C. d y
Old Wines, Liquors, Segars, Fresh Foreign
Fruits, Comestibles, etc.,
KOR SALE BY
JAMES T. LLOYD & CO.,
Pennsylvania avenue, 3 doors east of FyfUe.nth street.
may 17?ly
henry janney,
FASHIONABLK BOOTMAKER,
Eighth streft, near the General l"mt Office,
.,. f y prepared to furnish, from the shelf or the
Ml I shop, goods In his line that canuut 1* e*
f Ml ceiled hi any city. CitUens and sojourners ar?
' respectfully invited to examine them.
ap 11?tf _
JAMES W. SHEAHAlf,
Attorney and Counsellor at Daw,
I^RACTISKS in the Court* of the District, and prose
cutes claims of every description before the sever*;
Kxecutlve Departments and before Congress
Office and residence 21st street, two doors north
of I* ?P "~*L
SAMUEL WISE,
CARI'F.NTF.R AND Bt'ILDKR,
(Late of the firm of Walker ?j- Wise,)
H AS opened a shop on K street, opposite Temperance
Hall, between tth and 10th streets.
ltc*id?noe on I street, north fid#, between ftth and 7th
streets. _ mMxM-tt
FOR COLLECTOR.
BETTER LATE THAN NEVER*.
riAllK VOTERS and Business men of Washington are
1 respectfully informed that .IAMKS F. Tl CKKR s<>
licits all their votes In the way of debts for collection. He
attends to his business promptly, and makes prompt re
turns. He may l.e found at all times at the office of Squire
|>onn. He also attends to all business requiring the
services of an officer.
mny 28?tf [Washington News.J
FOB SALE.
rrre*, Tile Subscril>er offers for sale a superior and most
?:?! delightful SUMMKR RKSIDKNCK. combining the
LjL advantages of Town and Country. The house is In
complete order, and situated on one of the most healthy
locations In the city. The lot has a front of 34 S feet,
and runs back 1.15 feet to a 30 foot alley. The residence
contains a parlor, dining-room, five bed-cliam?<ers, a con
venient kitchen, and Bath-HotSB. A force-pump In the
yard. Outhouses?such as a wood, wash and cow-house.
The grounds are sodded and handsomely laid out. Alto
gether a more delightful and pleasant retreat cannot be
found in the city. Terms very liberal.
A I. SO?Five other Superior Dwellings in another sec
tion of the city. _ , .
BUILDING I/ITS, also. In different sections, for sale
cheap. ?* Particulars given on
Real Kstatc Broker, 7th street, (up stairs,)
may 2.1? dtf opposite Intelligencer office.
8ANS sort I.
North side I) street, near Tenth.
1W WOHTIUNGTON will welcome his friends, at
j. any hour of the day, and will promptly respond
to their calls for refreshments of all kinds, intoxicating
drinks being of court? excluded. Breakfasts. Dinners,
Suppers, Snscks between Meals, lemonades, I'op. Tempe
rance Beer, Ice Creams. Crabs, etc., always ready. In
fine, gentlemen will lie provided with whatever the mar
kets affiant, served up In the best manner, and at reason
able charges. may 17?tf
Death to Bats, Mice, Cockroaches, and Ants!
riMlK North American Kxterminator is
I warranted superior, and cheaper, than
Jjjaim any and all other articles heretofore offered
to the public, for exterminating Rats, Mice,
Black snd Red Ants, from dwelling-houses,
stores irranaries. vessels. 4c. They will eat It readily,and
Rats and Mice are not likely to die i<n the building. Km
further Information ask for a circular, to be had of the
atfent gratis. If you want a truly valuable article, ?k
fnr the North American Rat Kxterminator. and take no
other Price, 37 % cents per box, which contains suffi
cient'to clear an ordinary building
whole^eand retail^ ^^
WILLIAM A. GRIFFITH,
Marble Cutter and Sculptor, comer Hand Ninth its ,
Prepares M&utels, Monuments, Turn tut, aiul Head-stones.
Also fancy chiselling tud carving. mar 27?tf
For sale at tine Mtore-roowit of tb?
Ladies' Union Benevolent ttu<J Employment Society, on
Seventh street, next to Odd-fellow*' Hall, and on Capitol
Hill, corner of A and First streets, east and south, a va
riety of clothing suitable to the season, comprising gar
mentN for the laboring classes and chiidreu. Ad these
articles are the work of the industrious poor, the Society
invite all who are iu want of this description of clothiug
to patronise these establishments, and, as a very small
profit on the work is added, the prices will necessarily be
moderate.
Families requiring such work to be done will benefit the
poor by sending it to the Society's rooms to be made
up.
To accommodate families, an Intelligence Office has lieen
opened at the store on Seventh street, where those iu want
of servants may be supplied by paying a small fee.
By order of the Board of Managers.
All the papers of the city are requested to publish this
uotice as often as convenient.
DR. J. M. AUSTIN,
(Late of Warrenton, Va.)
OFFICK and Residence?K street, north side, one door
above 10th. mar 27?'l'liAStf
A NEW IMPROVEMENT
For Fitting up Stores with Fancy Fronts.
171 E. GEIGKR, Builder and Architect, would respect
. fully Inform his friends and the public in general,
that he is prepared to tit up Stores and build Fancy Fronts
on an entire new plan, embracing all the latest improve
ments. The work can be done without stopping the busi
ness while the work is going on.
lie is also prepared to do all kinds of work in the build
iug line, at the shortest notice and on the most reasonable
terms. All business entrusted to his care will be promptly
attended to.
l'lace of business on D street, between 9th and 10th.
may 1?tim 1
DEPOSITORY FOR THE METHODIST BOOK
CONCERN,
DEPOSITORY for the Massachusetts Sabbath School
Society. All of Robert Carter A Brother's publica
tions, ami several other extensive publishers; miscella
neous, school, and blank books and stationery, kept con
stantly on hand by A. GRAY,
up 8?eo 7th St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
HARDWARE.
HARDWARE.
rilHK subscribers have in store a good assortment of
House Furnishing and Builders' Hardware, Cutlery,
Ac., which they offer to those in want at the lowest prices.
Also, Agricultural and Gardening Implements, com
posing all the articles used.
J. T. RADCLIFF A CO.,
mar 2<V?tf Odd-Fellows' Hall, 7th street.
HARDWARE.
JUST RECEIVED?an assortment of MINERAL KNOB
LOCKS, viz: "People's Lock," "New Haven Lock,"
"Villa 1 jocks," "Cottage Locks," "Novelty," "Adams,"
and "Western Locks;'' Hinges, Screws, Bolts, Shovels,
Spades, Rakes, Hoes, Knives and Forks, and Housekeep
ers'Hardware generally. GEO. 8AVAGE,
l'enn av, near 9th street; and at
J. L. SAVAGE & CO.,
1st ward, opp. Seven Buildings.
N. B.?Mineral knobs put on old brass knob locks. Or
ders left as above. mar 27?tf
HARDWARE, CUTLERY, ETC.
THE SUBSCRIBERS have now in store
a good assortment of the following Goods,
viz:
BUILDING MATERIALS AND TOOLS:
Carpenter's Patent People's Mortice; Mineral Knobs
Rural, Western, and other Door Locks
Cupboard, Drawer, Till, Chest, Trunk, and Padlocks
Parliament, Loose Butt, und Patent Hinges
Blind Fastenings, Turn Buckles, Planes, Gaugeg
Chisels, Saws, Hatchets, Rules, etc., etc.
HOUSE-KEEPING GOODS:
Shovels and Tongs, Andirons, Sad Irons
Pots, Ovens, Kettles, Sifters, Spoons, Looking-Glasses
Coffee Mills, Furnaces, Brushes, Waiters, Rat and Mice
Traps, etc.
AGRICULTURAL IMPLEMENTS:
Spades. Shovels, Hoes, Rakes
Forks, Plough-Castings, Scythes, etc.
MISCELLANEOUS:
Tacks, Caps. Lead and Slate Pencils
Slates, Combs, Bird-Cages; Scales, Blacking Brushes,
and Blacking.
Horse Brushes. Cards, Curry-Combs, Cord, Twine, etc.
With many other articles, too numerous to mention;
all of which will lie sold on the most accommodating
terms. Thankful for the patronage we have received, we
ask a i ontinuance.
4j?- Our motto is, " Small Pro/its and Quick titles."
IARDELLA A BRO.,
may R?3tawlm l'enn av. opposite National Hotel.
'I'AVLOR 4k MAURY, Booksellers and
1 Stationers, Pennsylvania avenue, near ttth
street, have constantly on hand a full assortment of
BLANK BOOKS, SCHOOL BOOKS, PENS, INK, and
PAPER, of every variety, for sale at New York prices,
ap 19?tf
EM'ISCOPAL Prayer-books.
j Catholic Prayer-books.
Methodist Hymn-books.
Unitarian Hymn-books.
Presbyterian Hymn-books.
Baptist Hymn-books. In every variety.
For sale at the published price, by
TAYLOR A MAURY,
ap 18?tf Booksellers,<near 9th street.
RULED LETTER PAPER at ?1 26 a ream.
Ruled Foolscap Writing Paper at $1 26 a ream.
Good Envelopes at $1, $1 26, and $1 60 a thousand.
Steel Pens at 25 cents, 50 cent*, and 76 cents a gross
Small Wrapping Paper at 26 cents a ream.
For sale at TAYIAIR A MAURY'S
mar 24? Book and Stationery store, near 9th st.
A CARD.
1I[M. WALL would respectfully inform the citizens of
\ V the District that he is prepared to .MAKE TO OR
DER all description of Clothing, of the best material and
finish, at the shortest notice, cheap for cash.
may 8?iftf Penn av, bet'n 9th and 10th streets.
REV. BILLY HIBBARD'S PILLS,
SO widely celebrated for Bilious affections; Dr. Benjamin
Rush's Pills, Wright's Indiau vegetable Pills, and
liurd's Pills, for sale by A. GRAY, Bookseller,
ap X?eo 7th St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall.
TOBACCO AND CIGARS.
RM. DOWNER keeps constantly on hand the best
. assortment of TOltAOCO and CIGARS, north sid<
Pennsylvania avenue, between 11th and 12th streets,
may 2?y
IMPORTANT DECISION! It baa bean I
cuied by numerous citizens th?l FKIEDKNWALD A
IX). have the largest and liest selected stock of SPRING
AND SUMMEK CLOTHING In the city, to which they an
constantly adding. They have also a very handsome as
sortuient of Mots' ClOlliiNO, which they will sell very
cheap. GREAT WESTERN CLOTHING STORE,
may 25?tf I'enna. av., 4 doors hclow loth st.
EDUCATIONAL.
REV. MASON NOBLE S SEMINARY FOR
Y0UN0 LADIES
f S NOW OPEN, at his residence, on the corner of 13th
1 and H streets, where tho terms will be made known
?I application to the Principal. may 6? tf
ACADEMY FOR YOUNG LADIES,
On L street, between 51</t and lOfA, south tide.
M RS. BELL would respectfully inform her friends and
the public that her Senior Classes for the Summer
Session are not yet ftill. In addition to her present num
tier, several young ladies in the mtrre advanced tfutiie* may
!>o accommodated. Drawing. Painting, and Needle-work
rj-Terms msde known on application, [may 0?dto*
Roach and Bed-Bng Bane.
'IMIE Celebrated Destroyer of Ru ACHES. BED-BUGS,
I ANTS, Ac., may be hail at 26 cents per bottle, at
J. F. CALLA.VS Drug Store,
may 2.T tr Corner 7th and K streets.
BOYS WHO GO FISHING
M^AY FIND an excellent assortment of FISH HOOKS I
and LINES at A. GRAY'S Bookstore,
1 mny ?>?eotf 7th 'tre t, opposite Odd-fellows' llall
Lemon Sugar?Congress Lemonade.
/ \ NE TEA-8POv>NFUL of this Sugar will instantly
\ / make a Tumbler of superior Lemonade. For sale.
:it 25 cents per package, by J. F. CALLAN,
may II- tl Corner E and Seventh streets.
HUD80N RIVER
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF NEW YORK,
Office Seventh street, third door above 1), (opposite
the office of the Intelligencer.)
CAPITAL $200,000,
All paid in ami securely invested, henries a large surplus.
Wii.l insure MERCHANDISE. DWELLINGS, HOUSE
HOLD FURNITURE, and other property, any wherein
the District and aiuoini.no States, on the most favorable
terms.
No policy issued for a greater amount than $">,000
on any one risk.
The public may rest assured that all losses sustained
by this Company will be mbrrai.lt adjusted ard prompt
I I.T PAID.
ISAIAH BLOOD, President.
T. C. MORGAN, Vic* President.
P. J. Avert, Sccr'y. GEO. B. ARMSTRONG,
may 12?tf Agent, Washington, l> C.
SCHOOLS SUPPLIED
\iriTH School Books of all kinds; Pens, Ink, Copy
5 V T books, Ac. Also, Blank-books and Stationery in j
every variety, by A. GRAY,
ap 8?eo 7th St., opposite Odd Fellows'iiall. '
l^w ! ? Celebrated DYSPEPSIA
"eW, T1/ ?r U"'' Vttlu*bl? medicine re
viled Ui try U. '*lt t*)r *?ttle. Dyspeptic* are ia
mav^^ .u J. F. CALLAN,
SevenJJi ?tr?et, opposite the Po?t ufflt*
White sulphur Water,
DIRECT FKOM THK SPRINGS. Greeubrier, Va for
sale, iu large or email ijuautitleM, by
mav 13?tf ? J K CALLAN.
- ^ " Corner K and Beveuth ?t*.
BLACK BILKS.
T"V! kAYm^CK1 V"'"?lOpleoea very superior BLACK
J. SILK, which, added to my former stuck, makes it vcrv
large aud complete, embracing all the widths and .1Ualf
Also?
26 piwea HtriptnJ and checked Silk
60 pieces lonlanl's, from 2ft rente to $1, some very
heavy and rirh, one yard wide
10 pieces Cliene Silk, very rich and cheap
The above gisids will lie sold ilh low. for cash, aa they
can be bought in this or any other market.
, ? ? O W. YERBY,
may 7?(limit IVnu av. bct'n 7th and nth streets.
NEW SPRING GOODS JUST RECEIVED.
t 0. vv HINTON, Merchant Tailor, respectfully
in forma his cuatomera and fellow-cltixeus thai he
ha* just returned from the North with a splendid
assortment of French aud English Cloths, Cassi
SecaTl'and ?mwh,cb them
S v".? Ue' ?UX'k "f <f?od*' wbich iH 01 "'e
the tiCi U,,MUke' hu wiU 8?11 prices to suit
Also, constantly on hand, Gents' Furnishing Goods and
manner"? M1*.' P'11^?"'8 Clothing, made in the best
manner and latest style, by Lockwood A Co., of New York
.>i _ O. W. IlINTON,
ap " 1 ?? av.. north side. bet'n4'^ and 0th sts.
General Banking and Exchange Business.
. COPARTNERSHIP.
I i?ne<1 w*Puctfully announce to the puhli.
.IT- ? I e unteml into copartnership for th<
mTh^ v", f u" t?n,'r,U Kj" hange and Banking business
m the city of \\ ashiugton, under the firm of?
SELDEN, WITHKKS & CO.
All business entrusted to them will be attended to with
promptness and tidelity.
WILLIAM SELDEN,
Late Treasurer of the United States
JOHN WITH KKS,
Of Alexandria, Virginia.
R. W. LATHAM, j
Of the city of Washington.
L. P. BAYNE,
mar 24?tf Of Baltimore, Maryland.
GEORGE E. KIRK,
House and Siyn Painter, and Glazier,
South side Uiuisinnaavenue, between (ith and 7th streets,
(Dwelling South 1< street, between 7th and 8th streets,
Island,) s prepared to execute to order all descriptions of
won in his line. ap 15?6m
J. A. KIRKPATRICK,
MARBLE AND FKKE-STONK CUTTER
Estreet, txtween lWt and \Uh, Washington Oity\ D. C.
MARBLE MANTLES, Monuments, Tombs, Head and
loot Stones, Ac., constantly on hand, of the best
quality and workmanship. All kinds of Stone, for Build
u } kind1 of work in hiK linc faithfully executed
at the shortest notice. ap 16?tf
PIANOS.
NEW AND SECONDHAND PIANOS
[ always on hand, for sale and to rent on
moderate terms, at the Piano Store, on
.. 12th street, aliove F street.
New MUSIC STOOLS for sale.
mar 29?d.Jm* F. C. REICIIENBACH.
3" fTr#
tg southern travellers.
.SPRING AND SUMMER ARRANGE
i ||.|inent of the Great Southern Mail Line, v
tiiugiuu City, Richmond, Petersburg, Weldon, Wil
mington, Charleston, S. C., direct to New Orleans.
the only line which carries the Great Southern Mail,
and twenty-four hours in advance of any other line
THROUGH TICKETS.
From Philadelphia to Charleston .... ??o 00
Do. Baltimore to Petersburg . 7 50
??* o. Richmond 7 00
Second class passengers and servants to Fred'brg 3 5o
Do. to Richmond s Iw,
Do. to Petersburg ] \ " 5 50
liiw^8 ^?"ow'nK UIir'*alled schedules are now run on this
FAST MAIL LINE.
LBAVB
Vew York at 4% P. M.
Philadelphia at 10 P. M.
llaltimore at 6 A.M.'
Washington at 8A. M.
Fredericksburg at 1J^ P. M.
Richmond at 6 P. M.
Petersburg at 9 P. M.
Weldon at 2 A. M.
Wilmington at 3% P. M.
ARRIVE IN
Philadelphia at 3 P. M.
Baltimore at G% A. M.
Washington at M A. M.
Fredericksburg at V/? P. M.
Richmond at 6 P. M.
Petersburg at 7J,? P. M.
Weldon at 'I A. M.
Wilmington at 3 p. M.
Charleston at A. M.
By the above schedule it will be perceived that passen
gers going South, leaving New York at 4U p. m., Phila
delphia at 10 p. m., or Baltimore at 6 p. m? reach Charles
ton, a. L., in two days from Baltimore, being twenty-four
hours in advance of any other line.
Breakfast on board the steamboat; passing down the
I otomac, in view of Mount Vernon, by daylight.
, ''avengers,arriving in Baltimore by the morning line
from I hiladelphia, gain nothing by going on immediately
y the "a)' Llne- aud may as well remain over in Balti
more until 6 a. m., or go on to Washinglonat 5 p. m., and
remain until y a. m., the next moruiug. as they arc
I k to'ie?Ter in 1'eU-rsburg. If they arrive there ear
lier than the Great Mail Line of the next morning, and
I are subjected to all the uncertainties and discomforts of a
night on the Bay, instead of passing an agreeable one in
Baltimore or Washington, without arriving any oooner,
if ti? noun, at the end of their journey.
Passengers going to Washington by the train of 10 p.m.
*re taken. If they desire it, by the Company's Omnibus, at
once, without charge, from the Washington depot to the
I otomac steamboat, where they lodge,./? ofchargt. ami
may lay over, (if they desire to do so.) with their through
"*e&, for a few days, at the following places, vix: Wash
ington. Richmond. Petersburg, and Weldon.
.' '?njhus?* are provided by the companies on this Linc
" ^hintfton, Richmond, and I'eterpburjf, by which i>?h
-engers and their baggage are convened between the do
l??ts in those plac s. free of ail ex|?!nM>.
For further information and "through tickets" apply
at the Southern Ticket Office, adjoining the WashingtOH
Railroad Ticket Office, Pratt street. Baltimore.
STOCKTON A FALLS.
m>r8< K. F. KBKBS. Agent.
BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
SUMMKK ARRANGEMENT
HOI RS OF DEI'AKTUKh of the Passenger Trains on
the Main Stem and Washington Branch of the
j llaltimore A Ghio Railroad :
MAIN STEM?Westwardlt.
tor Cumberland. Hancock, Martinsburg. Harper's Ferry
diTir;"Wt', MUI". and intermediate
points, daily, at 8 o clock, a.m. Night Express Train
for^Cuabtrltal and the West leaves daily at tf o'clock.
? Eastwaedlt.
From Cumlwrland, daily, at 8, a. in.
Do. do., by express train for Baltimore,
10 p. ui.
Hancock, 10'^a. m.
Martinsburg, 11'4 a. m.
Harper's Ferry, 1 \2 a. m.
Frederick, 7 \1 m. an(1 1 V p. m.
Passengers going to, or coming from the West, bv the
express train, pass over the mountains in the day-Ume
and those who leave New York at 0 o'clock, a. m and
come through by the express train from Philadelphia,
will take the evening train from Baltimore. The train
from Cumberland will arrive to breakfast at Baltimore
and Its passengers can take the early line for Philadelphia
and New York. r
Through tickets are issued between Baltimore and
Wheeling *11 00
Between Baltimore and Pittsburg .... ' jo (hi
And between Philadelphia and Wheeling 13 00
And between Philadelphia and llttsburg . 12 00
Between Staunton. Va? and Baltimoro . . . 8 50
The accommodation train between Baltimore and Fred
erick wil run as at present, leaving Baltimore at iU, p.
m? and Frederick at 40 minutes past 7. a. m., Sundays
excepted. Fare at the rate of three cents per mile.
WASHINGTON BRANCH.
From Baltimore at 6, a. m. and 5 p. m., daily; and at 9
a. m.. daily, except Sundays.
From Washington at ?, a. m. and 5, p. m., and at ?, a. m..
daily, except Sundays. ' '
Round trip tickets, to and from the Relay House, thlrtv
cents each. By order:
J. T. RNGLAND, Agent
8HIRTS! SHIRTS! SHIRTS!
WM. H. FAl'LKNRH'S
Arw style Shirt Manufactory, Penn. Avenue,
South side, between Third and Four-and-a-half streets,
opposite U. 8. Hotel, ??>cn of the Siiiht.
'IMIK only place in Washington when- a ftrsUrate fitting
1 Shirt can be obtained. Shirts made of the best ma
terials and workmanship, and warranted to fit, always on
hand, and made to order at the shortest notice. Gentle
men who have been troubled with a bad fitting Shirt are
invited to call and have their measure taken for Shirts
that will give satisfaction?and no mistake.
W. II. Faulkner would respectfully inform gentlemen
who have lieen sending to New York for their shirts, that
they can have a better and cheaper shirt by giving him
a call and leaving their measures, lie wishes it to 1*> un
derstood that he has his shirts made in this city by skil
ful and experienced seamstresses, who cannot lie excelled
in any other city. Every gentleman who has tried his
shirt' is willing to testify to their superiority over shirts
of other manufactories, as they give ease and comfort to
the wearer. /
Also on hand a well selected assortment of Collars
Bosoms, Gloves, Suspenders, Socks. Cravats, Handker
chiefs, etc., which will lie sold very cheap.
aplt? .'Itawtf WM. II. FAL'LKNBR.
KKEP COOL.-1,000 Palm heat Fans received aud
for sale very low.
Alao, a full assortment of Spring and Summer Goods.
U. W YEKBY
28??o2mif Penn at, bet'n 7th and 8th atreeta.
Gregory's California Package Eipr?..,
Tllfc SUBSCRIBERS will Ue.i*t<li
SPECIAL MfchbtNuthS, twoor uiur.
time* per uioiitli. by eU-uuikliipt., via
GJiAGttES und PANAMA, in charge
? ?'l*f0"l*1Juwt:'ryf "aluablesaud mail
at,It; uiulUT, which Mill 1U ail I'lMt uriiyu in Sun Kiun
cisco by till) until steamers, uud be delivered iu ud vauce oi
tit.- mail.
We beg to announce to tile public tlntl wo have entered
into connexion with Uie heaviest truii*}*>rlutiou house ui,
the Isthmus. who are bound to us to transport our good,
fruiii Chagrvs to I'unuuia, iu uUvanct <J uU iMui ejjjie*ttr
Mini having Hindi' arrangements with the (J. g, .Mail ami
all other 6 teamen* ou the Pacific, lor the carriage of out
giaxls, u< or ? |>ri'par<-d to guarantee tlielr dolhcry 111 Sai
Irauoibto wiibiu a s|**itnd time.
In additiou to tlie superior qualities of the line, for the
transaction ol Merchandise, iu- manifest advantages over
tlie U. S. Mail and nil otlicr cuuijartitors, iu the traiispoi
Uitiiin ol letters and parcel* lietweeu tlie I'ltcibc aud Al
lituti<* Mater, are well known and already generally ai?
predated by the |>ul>li<*. The Value of a mercantile lettel,
delivered by us three or four days iu advauce ol ail other
competition. laing properly estimated.
We have also established agi ncics in GUAYAQUIL
CALLAO, and VALPAIiAlSO, for which ports, ami othel
citlc* on the Mouth American coast, we are prepared U>
receive LETTERSaud PARCELS, which will la- prompth
despatched to their destination by our agent in Panama.'
The mail for South America in made up but once a
mouth. I'll Oil PSON A HITCHCOCK,
Managers and Ageuts,
149 l'ear, cor. of M all at., New York.
REFER, IIY PERMISSION. to Meter-. Johnson A U
den, 116 Mali at.; Spolluid, Tileaton 4 Co., 48 South *t:
Nesmith A Co., 60 Pino at.; and Levi Apgar A Co., 75 De*
Htreet. niur 24?
FANCY GOODS, FOREIGN ANL> DOMESTIC.
V1TM. II. CAKY A CO., 2411 and 246 I'earl Htreet, New
T f York, invite the attention of tlie City and Distant
Jobbing trade to their large and varied atock of good*
which they otfer at the loweat rates, either tor cash or ap
proved creilit.
Under their present arrangement* they can offer great
inducement* ou all their Foreign Goods, and will give
their customer* the benelit of the large discount* which
they have gained by the increased amount of their pur
chase*. r
They pledge themselves to sell many styles of American
I Goods at manufacturers' prices.
Iheir stock will be kept full during the whole year, and
I all orders will be promptly supplied. They particularly
invito the Mexican und South American dealer* to exam
ine their stock of Jewelry, manufactured expressly for
those markets; also their slock of Ivory Combs, adapted
for exportation.
The following articles constitute a part of their stock.
Linen Threads?Various makers, plain and *atin finished,
black, drab, white, brown, anil colored, Nos. 20x80
Spool Cotton?Clark's, Alexander's, Smith's Eagle, and
Iteflliigton's, white, black, aud colored, No*. 10x160,
26 to 300 yard*
I ape* and liobbius?Linen and cotton, assorted colors and
sizes
Cutlery?Hazors, Knives, Shears, Scissor*, and Table
Knives and Forks, H ade A Butcher's, Wostenholin's,
Rodger*', and other celebrated makers
Brushes? Hair, Cloth. Teeth, I'aint, Varnish, Shaving
Shoe, Crumb, Horse, Scrubbing, Ac., Ac., in great
variety ?
Musical Instruments?Accordions, Violins, Flutes, Fifes
Clarionets, Harmonicans, Ac.
Fans?A large and rich assortment, consisting of beauti
fully carved pearl, ivory, bone, and wood sticks; also
plain sticks, with plain, fancy, and silvered paper
Ivory Combs?Fine S, SS, SSS, and N'PU, 1 Ux4U inches
Combs?l'lain and fancy Tuck, Dressing, Pocket, and Side,
of shell, buffalo, and horn
Guns?Single and Double, English and American, real
and imitation Twist; also a variety of Rifles
Pistols?Knglish and German, Pocket, Belt, and Holster;
Colt's and Allen and Thurber's Revolvers; also, a
complete assortment of Sporting Apparatus
Perfumery?Luhin's, Mangenet A Coudrav's, I'iver's, Pin
aud's, and Kde's fine Kxtracts
Soaps?Low's White and Brown, Windsor and .Honey;
Luhin's, Guerlain's, Pinaud's, and Mangenet A Cou
druy's assorted styles, Ac., Ac.
Also?Percussion Caps, Needles, Pins, Hooks and Kyes,
Steel Pens, Suspenders, Buttons of all styles, Pocket
books. Port Mounaies, Purses, Stationery, Beads,
Whalebone, Looking-glasses, Ac., Ac.
Ivory. Tortoise Shell, Pearl Shell, Horns, Tips, Ac., for
manufacturers.
Catalogues in the French, Spanish, German, and Eng
llsh languages. mar 24?
STATIONKllS' WAREHOUSE, 2?> South Fourth Street,
I IO Philadelphia. (Wholesale only.)
j -HYMAN L. L1PMAN, Imjiorter of French and Kng
lish Stationery, offers to the trade, at Stationers' Ware
! house, a complete assortment of
STAPLE AND FANCY STATIONERY,
of the b. st quality. at the lowest rates. mar 24?
LAURENCE THOMSON St CO.,
IMPORTERS of Brandies, Wines, and Segars, No. 1 Ex
change l'loce, Baltimore, otfer for sale an extensive
assortment of?
II It AN DIES?J. Hennessy, J. J. Durand, superior old
Jean Louis. 1811 and 1838; Maglory; Otanl, Dupuy A Co.;
l'inet. Castiilon A Co.; Martell; J. Durand A Co.; A. Seig
j netto; J.J. Dupuy and J. Kraud brands.
I WINKS?Champagne, Claret, and Hock, of various
I grades. Also, Port, Sherry, Madeira, Sicily, I.islsin, Uur
gundy, Malaga, and other Wines, in great variety.
SEGARS?Havana and Principe Segars, of "approve!
i brands, constantly receiving-from the manufacturers.
HOLLAND GIN?Grape and Gray Mare brands, of flu<
'luvor; also, London Brown Stout and Porter; Itordcau:
aud Marseilles Sweet Oil, Sardines. Maccaroni. Vermicelli
j Oliver Capers, Castile Soap, Bay Hum. Roll Brimstone
| Canary Seed. Ac. mar 24?
I )KIIVK <fc DL'RIIII*', Iron A Steel Mrr
X } cliantu, fin|m>rand dealers in Anieriraii
Swede. .Norwegian, l.'eflned, Cable, and common English
Iron; manufacturers of Boiler Rivets and Spikes, Hoop
Band, Scroll, Flue. Boiler, Sheet, Small Iron. Axle Iron
; '13 North Water street, and 54 North Delaware avenue
mar 24?
QUKPPAKD A VAN IIABLINOEN, No. 274 Chesnut
0 strwt, alstve Tenth, Philadelphia, have just n-ceived
| per steamer splendid Table and Piano Cover-. Damask
i Table Cloths, Napkins, Moreeus. and Wonttod Damafks
mar 24?
First Premium Grand and Square PianoB.
KNAIIE A G.EIILK, Manubu'turers
No*. 4, ?!, 8, 9. and 11 Kutaw street, Bal
tiniore. New tributes to the excellence
of Baltimore made Piano Fortes. The
; Maryland Institute, at their last exhibition, awarded to
us the First Premium tor the best tlrand Piano, and also
| the First Premium for the best Square Piano exhibited.
It will be recollected that In 1848. our Piano also received
the Fir*t Premium by the same Institute.
Such testimonials are not easily earned, and are not to
tie lightly regarded. We may therefore say that having
takeu the First Premium. where> er our Instrument* mi"
with competition, we offer tliem to the public with a con
rtdence we might not otherwise avow, guaranteeing al
Instruments made by us to give satisfaction, or they tna
be exchanged within six months from day of sale. Th
1 durability of our workmanship we further guarantee fb
j five years.
Having just completed large additions to our Manufat
tory. we ho|ie now to supply all who may honor us witl
their patronage ; and we invite all who desire a superioi
Instrument, carefully adapted to the climate?a very im
portant matter, and which we have made our earefu
study?to call aud examine our various styles, which w<
arc constantly finishing, and which will he sold at the
[ lowest market price for cash or approved paper,
j In addition to the above public testimonials, our Piano*
| are recommended in term- of the highest praise by the
1 following eminent artists, whose certificates can la- seen
at our Warerooms: Charles Bocbsa, the great composer
and musical director to Mail A. Bishop; Mr. Geo. Knoop
! Miss Allele and Charles Hohnstock, and other distin
gulshed performers. To the many accomplished Professon
and Amateurs, by whom our Pianos are constantly u?<i|
whilst making our thankful acknowledgment* to them
we refer for further testimonials.
Old Pianos taken In exchange.
Pianos hired and tuned. mtr 24
81LK GOODS.
I )OWKN A McNAMKK. 112 and 114 Broadway, New
1 ) York, have now in store, aud will receive by earlv
packets and steamers, a very extensive assortment ol
French, German. English, Itnfian, and India
SILK AND FANCY GOODS,
embracing every variety of the newest and richest style?
offered in this market. Sample cards are now ready
tor exhibition. Merchants from ever* section of thV
country, and particularly our old friends and custom
ers. are assured that every attention has lieen paid ti
present a stia-k of goiuls, unequalled, either in extent oi
variety, by any similar establishment in the country.
Many of our richest goods are manufactured from de
signs or samples furnished by ns. and will l?< foumJ
adapted U> the best trade in the larger cities and towns.
The following embrace the leading articles of our stock
Extra rich Chenc and Brocade Silks.
Rich Paris Bareges, II uslins, and i trgandies.
Rich printed Silk Tissues, new article.
New style English Poplins.
Barege de Laiues, Pans patterns.
New ?tyle French Prints.
English, Scotch, and American Printed Lawns.
Super Black Gros de Khines.
French and English Oinghams.
Plain and embroidered Canton Crape Shawls.
Rich Paris Itlbbons, large assortment.
Millinery Silks, Crapes, Ac. ,
Dress Trimmings, newest style.
Bombazines, Alpacas, and Muslin de I .nines.
Laces and Embroidery.
Linens and White Goods of every description.
Kid Gloves, best manufacture.
English and Oerman Silk and Cotton Hosiery
l<ong and Square Cashmere Shawls.
Rich Silk Mnntillas, great variety.
Pongee and Spitalfieid Handkerchief*.
Italian Cravats and Sewing Silks.
Also, a great variety of rich goixls for CTening dresses
not enumerated in the above.
Also, Slnchcws, Sarnets. Foncy Silk Cravats, Bay Stat.
I laid Long Shawls, Linen Cambric Handkerchiefs, Green
Bareges. Satins, Silk Scarfs, Suspenders, Plain black sn.l
high colored Mouseline de Uines. Turkey red Prints,
Curtain Muslins, Oil Silks, Belt Ribbons, Serges, Satin
[ Vesting*. Ac.
?#- Those who visit this market for HiIt (innlt. who
i would consult their interest, and who desire to see ?
I stock unsurpassed In every department at the very low
j est market prices, are respectfully Invited to call.
i mar 24?
( , HEAl Cham* tor book Agent* to jtajr ?bUU?
( I *1 OUU tt y?ntr! Book- of uuivcrhal utility. bEAK?
nA$ AND Pol'ULAK VMHtKU the most
Illustrated voluu.ee tor tam.llw.wer ?<m* ^" U,;n*7;
ri< an ouutlmut. routaitfiu# more thau
uftaviMu., d.Higu.-d and executed by the BMW eiummt
artist* of England and America- ,
The rutin ?-.u> have been carefully ????**' ? ?J
><troiigl) rt'4*oiiiutfiiU?il to Hui?eritJtei?deut??. J ,
Ti n. In re ol tH-hooU hj tin tollowiiitfdistiliKUlshi'd * . *!
Uii'li; Ills ExcelUuc) Ikiiiniltoii kfTl. Ex-Uovirno. ol the
BlHt. of New York . Christopher Morgan, Nnn taiy 01
State. and buper.uU lid, ui 01 Common Schools, ft- ? ? > *?
liouujn Beck, i-Hj., M. !?., Sevrehir) of the Regents of tut
llilvirsity, N V.; the Legislative Committee on
Acadi uiics, and Common bchouls; Itev. Edward Hitch
cock. LL. D-. President of Amherst College, aUd Fr?'fe??or
of Geology, Maasacbuaetts.*
Amliersi College, l)ec. 2b,
Mr. /(lAtert tituY*?licit] sir : 1 have looked over the en-"
tire series of yoiil valuable publication* with uiurli in
terest anil I'i'otit. ami uui quite surprised al the amount
?f literary litlior you ha>c performed, and the research it
mux! have cost you to oblalu so u.a.i) One illustiatiou?,
while you huve an aetive *u|H-riuU'udeU?* of au extensive
I ..Jliuwa 1 UIU alMi gratita .1 at the duciucdlj moral auU
bUHiuiKi-. which your Looks will exert, and can
religious In much to counteract the
:$lUo X'til S3 iu! mora I UU-ruture w hi, h deluge.
\ , ,*i iJL, ||?. ir?..K of Egypt, comes up evan U>
ifc Kii^'ilX*??!. Wi".
Inscription of the United States, I1W?^ WJ
America.! Evolution, Scenes and SkeWbe*ofjConUwnU.
Euroj*, Description of (ireat Britain and Ireland, Ik
rial Family Annual, Treasury of Knowledge,
for the People, The Family Instructor, Pictorial Sunday
Hook, Bihle Biography. Bible History, and second aerie"
of The Wonder* of the W orld. ,
Gentlemen of reapei lability and of Rood address wanted
Li, sell the above popular Pictorial W urkn. tull part ou
mar *24? .
w
fM OOOBBICII ? C.K8 MK?C?JTILK t LAW
AGENCV, No. lit' Market Ht., Philadelphia.
ASHOCUTK 0KF1CKB.
TAPPAN & DOUGLASS, New York. , ? ,
K UU88KLL. 4 CO., (late (leo. W. Gordon,) Bo?ton.
J.' D. PKATT & CO., Baltimore.
M M. B. I'lfcKCK A: CO., Cincinnati.
CM AS. BAKUIW & 00., St. I-ouIm.
? M. B. l'l KHCE & CO.. Louwville.
This well known mid oxteunive wUbliHhment invften
Merchants, Mauufacturern, and Banker*, to an >nTl-Htiga
HttjssyasrtMStTSst
SSffi inh^U>n,T"wr VorkT and B^Um^
enable uh to offer facilitiei and advantaged which time and
experience alone could accumulate, and wh.ch we believe
^uv'm'eb'r''pared to make collections In any of the Stat**,
jsk k??i?a injtoj. -Ttr.d;,'r.si
M5f |5Sto rsstt
use, thereby avoiding a delay often fatal to ^ ^
1 of a debt. ^
General Emigration and Passage Office,
No. r, Burliny -S/.p, -Y>?? l '""*. nmr
ri'UK iubucriher b. p< leave u" h,t wor brtng
1 the public, that l.is arrangenienta an su? h ^8,
'I'K o?l aI'd forwarding pasw K ^ |.?,-Vet>, i-niWg
bJ hiver,>ool every week. ?,?,
inzz snnTi'Svrjx^ *>r ?
^Wf??S?5Sia?.-5
'S!:\"yA^ tAt?, .r n.. a.??. i?k?u.,
'lanr-sirni.w r., -jj-a-j.aar*'
"Srwr1 ""A*, sup, J ??- *>??? *
LEVERETT'S latin lexicon,
1? u/3i ll ami IMPKOVKD, compiled chiefly from
^ the \hurnuni Tt.llus LatinitatlM Lexkon at FacdolaU
words, and the Etymological Index lrom >n.unus wxr
"'The present edition of this standard and '*l{?
!Sir?iriSSatVtS?r<' -
? i
1 2, and 3, words are classical only in tbe
' ond Ac de-rees; and this distinction the student per
' ,-eives at a glance. The Etvmologic^ lndex. ^so^rOT
kri-iiiuI'h lexicon. Iiim* l?en inronK)rate<l into tlie piwnv
? isaSiiSsSu. -ui>
Lexicon which were not found iu the other. On
P'-V ? far
i i i ..f ?ilfr, | ..tin laiicujuw Ui concerned, ?*-*7
a* h knowledge ol tlie I.nun laii^u^ ? ^ lh#
sss-k ?s-'iuste rar"jrssft
u l.llh.1" CAim:? . Co.. WMUb.".
... lti Water ftreet, Bo?ton.
oi*r l*?
B LAC K W ()() U'S M AO A ZIN E,
A?l) Tilt ...._
BRITISH QUARTERLY REVIEWS.
( .WING U.the lat ^^^^rh^'oU^
\ / among the nt? U?ni*ol hurt J , " tht
I t-m h Other in such ick su,Wrion, and of wlikb *<
i
i; iSTw S3. S&ZSLi
I
r reads these peHoili.-als obtains ? ^"f th^ Old
count of all the imjortant poHti? "'',l ronclu^on?
*- World ai* they occur, nnd Icnrnn the Tim
i drawn froui tfi. ni by the leading of the ?ge.
r American publishers therefore deem it proper to ca
- newiil attention to the works they publish, and the y
I ITw>Ws at whi. h they are offered to *ul?criber.. lh.
* following is their list, vix: (
Tur. |X)M1?)N Qcarteblt Hxvtiw,
The EwJfBVmiH lltvirw,
Tur North Hbitish Heviiw,
Tiik Wistmimstek Review, and
Blackwood's Epimuuiuih Maoahki.
In these periodicals Rre contained the views, moderately
though clearly and firmly ^pressed, of the three
? parties in England?Tory, Y\ big, and Hadlca Blai k
. wood" and the l-mdon Quarterly ??? JvwW
. burgh Kevtcw" W big. .ml the " \\ estniins er Keview
I iliernl The " North British Review' owes its establish
|!n"W^tern '7ta**l'ter^^ cVara< t?r*is^ of thc ve0 highest
, order- The ?? W i-stminster." though rr;.nw/?/
. <?i iv u nnhlished in Kntlnud under the title of the
? ? Voreigii'Quarteriy and Westminster." It Wing in fact a
union Ol the two Rcvtews formerly published and reprinted
tit ira. It has. therefore, the advantage, by
this'combination, of uniting in one work the best feature.
' of hoth, as heretofore issued. _ . .
Tb, B,K,ve Periodicals are reprinted In New York, innne
'. . (lintely on their arrival by the British
?ir.ll pU-nr tvix> on fine white paper, and are faithful o
pies of. the original*?Blackwcaid's Magaxine being an ex
I set fac nmilr of the Edinburgh edition.
TKRM ?:
For anv one of the four Reviews. $3 00 per annum.
Kor any two, Jo & > ?
For any three, <1? ' u
For all four of the Reviews, * 00
For Blackwood's Magatlne, 3 00 (
For Blnekwtwl and three Heview^, 9 iK) ^
For Blackwood and four Kevlews, 10 00
lliyments U> U martr in all co*t* in adranv.
?#- llemittanres and communications should be always
addressed, port paid or '.tV'a CO.,
' 79 Fulton street. New
Kntrance M Hold i?t.
mar 24?
. ... u v a \ i> Til IKK 1'HOOF 8AFE??
/ \ KVANS * *?' A morekeerern, ?nd others
( ) . for the use of ^ itl More. The ai-ova
? full assortment of tarn " _ o||l).r mHke for security
Chests are i1MViiiu Wlthstotal the test of both
against Fire or Burglars. ?. ?. iQ . iUHtance.
Without Injury or l.?s > ine
cVipylng Presses and Book*
' ??r?, " r? r nmving Boxes. Bales. Ac. in Storw
Drugglsb*' I'" with "n(l ? """
levers, for l?ry Good Ac.
Porta" e Shower Baths, of new construction, suitabl. for
" "[ofrigerators, for keeping Meat*, Butter, Milk, Ac., in
'"water FBtm*, for purifying muddy or bad Water,caused
by Rain*. Limestone, Marl, or ?"?*EV AN8,
#1 8. Second, 1 door balow Ch-tmitnr?t^