J"
VOLUME I.
CONSTANTINE, ST. JOSEPH CO. MICHIGAN, NOVEMBER 0, 1830.
NUMBER 19.
CONSTANTINE REPUBLICAN,
TCILMlll IT
nvnoEn & cottdcrt,
Every Wednesday Morning , st the stand formerly oc
cupied by MsJ. L J. L'lluiu, corner of Cssaris and
Water streets.
Tb&ms Two dollars per annum in advance, two dol
lar and fifty eenta within tb year, or thro dollara at
tnc expiration of the year.
Advertising at the usual rate. . ' i
CONSTANTINE BOOKSTORE.
im COWDEU1
would respectfully inform
the citizen of Constan
tina and it vicinity, that
i thev have iuat received
and opened a large stock of BOOKS, a part of
wnicn may do xouna in me louowwg vauuuguc ;
Bible, extra gilt and plain, from large quarto
to 18 mo pocket edition ;
Common Prayer Book, extra, Philadelphia,
gilt 18 mo, and 32 mo ;
Joshephua' Work, 3 vols. ;
Tollyglott and common Testaments, rod, gilt,
j leather and half bound ;
Ship and Shore ; Linwood, 2 vols. ; Partisan ;
Colton's four year in England, 3 vol. ;
, American in England ; Herbert Wcndoll ;
' Paul Ulric : Memoir of Huehs. 1 vol.
-Youth's Lettor Writer, 1 vol. ; Outlaw, 3 vol. ;
nlahmoud. 2 vol. : Owen' Voyairos J
South Wert, written by a Yankee, 3 vol. 5
Paulding on Slavery Monikin, bv Cooper i
Young Duke, 2 vol. ; Slave King 1 vol. ;
Sketch Book of Fashion, 3 vol. ;
The Wife : Two vear in the Navy : Emma ;
Anne Gray; Conti; Grummett' Log, 1 vol.;
Northanger Abbey, vol. I village veuos ,
Tale of a Caravanserai, 1 vol. ;
Magpie Castle ; MephiHtophilea in Eng. 2 vols
Lionel Lincoln ) Ayesha, 3 vols. ;
nanterburv Tale 2
Lives and exploits of Banditti and Robbers, 2 v 5
District School, 1 vol.
Observation on the Vino ;
Advice to young Mothers ;
Frolics of ruck, 3 vols. ;
The Western Melodist, 1 vol. ;
Rollins' llwtory, 8 vols ;
Mariner Library, 1 vol. ;
Lifo of Paul Jonos 5 Millright'a Guide 5
Gregory's Mathematics ; Pitkin' Statistics ;
Lifo of Burns, 4 vol. ; Groat Teacher ;
Hannah Moor Work, 7 vol. ;
Small Grammar : Presbyterian Hymns
Watts, do.; Wincliell's WatU do.; Camp.
meeting, do. ;
Crockotts Log Book t
Geography of the Ilonvens
Life of Washington, 8 vol. ;
Robinson Crusoe ; Amulut ; .
Skotches of public Characters ;
UniversdGaietteor; History of Franco ; ,
Gmmere's Surveying;
Books of Niagara Falls ;
Western Guide Book ; Zoological Gardens J
Spiling and Reading Books ;
Harpers Family Library ;
Pjrlpy' Every P.iy Book Pclhom Novels ;
Cook' Own Book ;
- Six month in a Convent ; do. Supplement ;
Finney's Lectures ; Beauties of Shakspearo
Pilgrim' Progros ;
Colibctt' Advice to Young Men ;
Don Quixote, 4 vols. ;
Children of the Abboy, 3 vols. J
IYopls Magazino ; Hair Geography ;
Parley's Arithmetic ;
. Cobb's llsaders, 1, 3 and 3 ; do. Expoilor ;
' Cobb's Arithmetic, Nos. 1 and 2 ; do. Spoiling
Books ;
Olncy's Geography and Atlas
Murray's Engl inh Reader; Alger's do. ;
Alger's Introduction to English Reador ;
Kirkham's Grammar ;
Lost days of Pompeii; Common Tlace Book;
Montague ; IVuIJing'a Works ;
New England ; Collridge'a Works ;
Thaddou of Waraaw ; Memoirs of Boardman
Scientific Tracts t Pirlor's Curiosities :
Young Man's Own Book Young Ladies, do.
Young Ijvueir Sunday IJook 5
Young Man's do. ; Musical Monitor ;
Ileman's Po.jms ; Penny Magazine ;
Nicholson's Mechanic; Smollatt's Works
Ferguson's Rome Gillies' Greece ;
Pindar's Works ; Burn's Works 5
Moore's Works ; Tatlor and Guardian ;
Byron; Hawkcs' Ecclesiastical History ;
filk Grower's Guido ; Spiritual Songs ;
Walker' Dictionary ; Webster' do, ;
Surveying Instruments Albums ; , ;
American Almanac.
STATIONERY.
Paint, soalinir wax, Cornel's hair pencils :
Rulod cap pa nor, No. 1, do. No. 2, Plain cap
No. 1 and 2, Water lined lettor paper. Fan.
ey colored do., Blue laid do., Super satin do.,
and Bluo velum ;
Backgammon boards, Largo pictures ;
Enamollod cards, various sizes ; Eagle playing
cards, Decatur do., Merry Andrew, do., Val.
ient Highlander, two kinds ;
Writing books, bank do., Pencil do. ;
Leather memorandum ;
-. Drawing paper, an excellent articl) ; .
Colored blanks, White do ;
Small blank cards, large do. colored do. ;
Note books, large and small ;
Opaqne Quills, No. 15 yellow do., No. 33 do. (
Ladies' pocket books ; email double watleta ;
. Lidio bill books ; fancy wallots, small single
. do., largo poo.ket books ; ,
Patent rulers, round do. difleront sizm j
.r'Vood sandboxos, Japan do. ;
. .' t,iargo boxes wafers, small do ; ' '
Conversation cards, Steel pens ; '
Carpenter pencils, fancy boxes ;
Stone Inktand assorted, wafer stamp ;
Silver pencil cases, leads assorted ; ' ' '
' Ink powder, Toy paints, Slc.
' , BLANK BOOKS. ,
1 quire long fold blank books, 1 qui broad do.,
quarto do.;
B and 6 quire full bound Indgnrs ;
. ' 6 qr. full bound Journals ;
4 and 5 qairo pay Books, large Alphabets,
mall do.;
quire half bound Lagers, 6 qr. Journals do. ;
13 quire long Ledgers, etc. etc. '
lOOK STORE.
GEO. GOOD.
MAN respectfully In.
forma the pubic, that he
ha opened a Store, on
Main Street, in th village
f NILE3, where he intends to keep a general
ana complete assortment of
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
He hu now on hand a varioty of atandard and
Jiopulax works, school book, Bible in various
brms eome very elegant, blank books, writing
paper, Slc. 6lc.
II expects to receive in a few day a further
apply of BOOKS, including th latest public a.
tion, together with some elegant ANNUALS
for 1837.
Merchant supplied with Books and Stationery
liberal rate.
Nilea, Oet. 12, 1535. 316
A
jpj CIXOOLi BOOKS, a New Supply--Ky
among which are
Leather and clotn bound, cheap 1 estameuu ;
Definition and common English Reador ; '
Blake' Historical Reader ;
Webster's and Walker's Dictionaries ;
Woodbridges and Olncy's Geographies 6c Atl.J
Parlev's Geoffraohv and Tale 2 finars :
.Kirkham's, Murray's and Greenleaf'a Gram.
Dabolrs,Ustrander's and Uolburn's Arithmetic;
Blake' Natural Philosophy ;
Introductory Reador, Juvenile Instructor.
For sale by , MUNGER & COWDERY.
Vonttantine, July U7, 1836.
JUST RECEIVED, 14 DOZEN WEB.
STER'S Elomentary, and Cobb's Spelling
Books, and 18 vols. leather bound LAWS Ur
MICHIGAN, condensed, arranged, &.c.,contain.
ins the Declaration of Independence, Constita.
tion of the United States, Ordinance of 1787, Sec.
624 pages octavo.
Constantine. July 18, 1836.
JUSTICE'S BLANKS. .MUNGEK
Si COWDERY have just printed an assort,
tnent of Blanks, for Michigan and Indiana.
BLANK WARRANTS,
SUMMONS',
CAPIAS',
VENIRES,
SUBPOENAS,
44 EXECUTIONS, &c. &c.
and a new and splendid form of Blank Deeds,
printed on script type, for Indiana and Alicmgnn.
Call and examine. Aug. 31, 183C.
HAIR BRUSHES, of a varioty of qua
lities and patterns, and of different prices ;
and Tooth Bausucs, of good quality ; also...
Tooth Powders, Hayes' broNACEOUs Chlo
RIME DeNTIVRICE i
Hayes Sc Bristol's Chlorine Tooth Wash ;
Smith' New.York PurifioU Bears' Oil;
Bailey's Chemical fluid Extract SARsaraaiLLa ;
Prentice's Brown Windsor Soat ;
Pen Kmtes ; Pocket Combs, See. Sec. for sale
by MUNGER &, COWDERY.
Constantine, July 27, 1836. 4
TTIiBAWIIVO PAPER for PLATS of
jLM the largest size, and a superior article, for
aale by
MUNGER Si. COWDERY.
ifPlARB-S.Red, Blue, Groon, Yellow au
white cards of the finest quality, also
enamolod cards of all sizes, for sale by
MUNGER & COWDERY.
Angnst 10, 1836.
7TK ETROIT BOOKSTORE. L. L.
ILy Mors 1 has associated with him his brother
Chavncey M0R6E, under the firm of MORSE
Si, BROTHER, in the Book publishing, Book
mllinc. Bookbinding and Stationery business
and they are now opening, at 81 Jefferson Ave.
nuo, uircciiy opposue me micuigan xxcnani;c, a
rv noittme ana nrioit uvuu 1 iu n 1 ikjai u &
Establishment. Merchants, Teachers and Iu-
biary -vimpanica will do well to call at the De
troit liookstoro bcloro purcliusing elsowhcre.
L. L. MORSE.
Detroit, October 1, 183S. yl7
"RsTIlW BOOKS-Law, Medical, Minn
lri laneous, Roliaious and School Books ; to.
gethor with a very extensive and superior lot of
English and American stationery, now rcci-iv.
ing al tlie Uctroit Uookstorc, old stand, by
MORSE Si. BROTHER.
Detroit, Oct. 15. y!7
THE AMERICAN AXSUAESfor
1637, thin day received, at tho Detroit
Bookstore, old stand, and directly opposite the
Mich. Exchange. MUKS1, &. BUOTIIEK
Dotroit, October 15. y!7
jfhrfft SPIRITUAL SOGS. for
tPWJrMr Social Worship, by Tho. Hastings
auu A4OWV11 maaon, just receivoa ny
MORSE &. BROTHER.
Detroit, Oct. 18.
REA1TIS superior Bank Envelope
l'Arr.R : Also, 50 reams superior Post.
omce t aper : just received at tho Detroit liook
atore, old $land, and directly opposite the Mich
gan Exchange, by MOUSE Ac U ROTH Ell
Detroit, Oct. 13. yl7
FOUR CRATES Maynard Sl Noyes' su.
perior BLACK INK; also, RED INK
just received by MORSE- Sl BROTHER.
Detroit, Oct. 18. y!7
7TIJST RECEIVED, at the Detroit
tV Bookstore, tho following work : Allen
Prcscott, Wintern in the West, Outre-Mor. Bash
fnl Irishman, tho Yemassioe, the Cavaliers of
Virginia, Coleridge's Table Talk, Life of Samuel
Drerr, Mothers' Hints, &c. itc. Juno, 1836.
TTp EEIGIOVS WORKS. Constantly
MM receiving at the Michigan bookstore and
stationer's hall, the new religious publications of
the day as they sppear east. Our present stock
of valuable religious works, is not oquallod by
any oooKBTors wesioi new iorn.
Aug. 1.) SNOW Si FISK.
NEW RELIGIOUS WORKS. -Re
ceived this week at the Michigan Bookstore,
and stationers' J 1 all, .
Gathered Fragments, by Rev. John Clark, nu.
thor of Walk about Zion. Pastor's Testimony
otc. i no iuourner s uook.
SNOW & FISK.
Detroit, August 31, 183G. ' -
rmo TRAVELERS A OTHERS
JLL For sale at the Michigan bookstore and
tationor' hall:. Farmer's map of Michigan;
dodo of Wisconsin; Also, every state in the
Union ; Hoffman's winter in tha wost ; Nolo on
tho Wisconsin Territory 5 Hall's skotches of the
west; Historical sketches of Michigan; Le.
genas 01 a log cabin 5 into on tho lakes.
SNOW St. FISK.
Detroit. August 1. 1836. ly7
BLANK-BOOKS of medium, Dcm
and cap aizos, of superior paper and excel
lent binding, just received at the Michigan
uouuBiure ana stationers nan.
Aug. 4. . SNOW & FISK.
"irnUFFALO BOOKSTORE, No.230
JUa Main street. Subscriptions roceivri
tho follow in ff periodicals!
Tho American Journal of Medical Science
tho republications of the London, Edinburgh,
rvicigu urn vHunimsicr iiianeriy i(eviows.
Just received an Introduction to the Science
Government, by A. W. Yonnir. Alao. Hiintinir.
ton' System of modern Googrsphy, with Atla,
for the use of Schools. A. W. WILGUS.
Bufulo, Juno 14, 1836. lyl
TTDAPER WARE IIOUSEr Oliver
1L G. Steblf, No. 214 Main Street, having
opened a Paper W art Jlouie, i now prepared to
fill ordera for any amount of Printing, Foolscap,
Latter, Drawing, Post Office and Wrapping Ta
per, which he will sell at Mill price. Persons
wishing to purchase will do well to eair.
Buffalo, June, 1836.
From the Miner's Journal.
Hast thou one heart that love then,
' In this dark world of care,'" "
Whose gentle smile approves thee,
Yield not to dark despair. ;
One rose whose fragrant blossom.
Blooms but for thee alone ;
One fond confiding bosom
Whose love is all thine own
One gentle star to guide thee,
And bless thee on thy way,
That e'en when storms botide Uice,
Still lends its gentle ray
One crystal fountain springing
Within life's dosert waste,
Whose waters still are bringing
Rsfreslunent to thy taste
One tuneful voice to cheer thee,
Whon sorrow halh distrestji . :
One breast whon thou art weary,
Whereon thy head may rest
Till that sweet rose is faded,
And cold, that heart so warm,
Till clouds thy star have shaded,
Heed not the passing storm ;
Till tho kind voico that blest tlioo,
All mute in death doth lie,
And the fount that oft rcfrcshod thee,
To thee is ever dry ,
Thou hast ono tie to bind thoo
To this dark world of care,
Then let not sorrow blind tTioe
Yield not to dark despair.
THE EMrEROR'S PAGE;
, A MIDNIOHT'S 1DVINTU1I IN FAKIB.
" I haw the lover wandering by,
With wan cold cbeck and uerveleM alri
He pressed tier heart, I heard bim sigh.
Oh! What wild thoughts were gathering there." '
'Twas past midnight, as an individual,
closely muffled in a dark military cloak, was
rapidly passing through one ol the most un.
frequented streets ot Tarts. It was a black
night, not a star being visible in the clouded
heavens, a circumstance which seemed suit.
cd to the purpose of the pedestrian, whose
concealed person, and hasty movement,
pretty plainly indicated his wish to gain his
destination unobserved. Suddenly, how.
ever, his progress was arrested by the hand
of a youth, who emerged from the obscuri
ty or a portal, and held a pistol to the pedes
trian's head, and demanded money.
Psha, cried tho pedestrian, endeavoring
to shake off his new acquaintance, Away,
and don't detain mo !'
I must have gold ! cried the phrcnized
youth. 4 My miseries have maddened me !
Refuse mo, and this pistol sends a bullet
through your head.'
Tho other, t)crceivitf h'lS danger, sudden.
l .1: 1 1 1 . Ti. rTr-.V- ? - ir
ly uiscwicuiiiiH.-rru ins ngui arm 01 1113 cjouk,
and with the velocity of lightning, laid the
assailant prostrate. lie then passed 011;
but suddenly, retracing his steps towards
the prostrate robtar, he raised him from tho
ground, and dragging him for some paces
towards a lamp winch cast a 4 dun religious
light,' over a brief part of tho scene, ho ex
claimed, 4 A ha! Louis Boncoeur !'
Am I discovered !' exclaimed the youth,
and falling at tho feet of tho other, who)
again drew his cloak over the lower part of
his face, he ejaculated, 4 Do not, do not be
tray mo!'
4 Sir,' replied the other, 4 my duly to the
Emperor will compel me to discfoso this
atrocity.'
4 You will ruin mo by so doing forever!
Hear me, sir, hear my melancholy tale, and
then say if I am not deserving of your pity.
Since I havo had tho honor to bo in tho
Emperor's service, tho whole of my salary
has been dedicated to tho support of my poor
and aged mother. For three years I have
been tho sole prop of her weary life ; she
has no other hope but me and heaven. 1
have brought comfort and joy again into her
humble dwelling ; sho was reduced to penury
and wretchedness ; my father had died in
insol vent circumstances, and my dear mother
was too aged to work for substinencc. I
endeavored to gain work, but in vain. Day
after day I trod tho streets of Paris, and
with all tho earnestness of ruin, besought
implored employment; but thero was no
cordial drop in my cup of misery, and at
length I set down in the garden of tho Tuil
lerics, hopeless and despairing. I contem
plated suicide ; the thought of leaving my
dear parent desolate, alono chained nro, to
life but even that thought was becoming
overwhelmed by my despair, when our good
Emperor passed me. lie was struck with
my haggard looks ; ho questioned me in
quired into tho truth of my story, and then,
in the benevolence of his good heart, took
mo into his suite. He savod mo from des
pair, and brought smiling joy again into the
widow's humble home.
4 And you have repaid his kindness,' ob.
served tho stranger, 4 by becoming a mid.
night robber.
No no,' hurriedly exclaimed tlie youth,
4 1 am no common robber. Heaven is my
witness that until this night but hear my
story out. Among tho tradesmen who sup
ply tho palaco, there is one having a daugn
ter, whose' charms mado an impression up
on my heart, wluch reason could not dispol.
Long did 1 strive to master love, but in vain.
I struggled against the rising passion of
my heart, for tho more I strovo to master
tho bewildering passion, tho fiercer did it
burn. Wo met. I told my lovo I found
it was returned and disdaining any con
cealment, I openly avowed to the maiden's
father my attachment to his daughter ; but
he, in all tho prido and insolcnco of wealth,
8purnod my numblo suit, and told mo that
till tho Emperor mado mo worth having, his
daughter should not think of mo ! Seeing
that his child's inclinations turned towards
mc, he introduced ft wealthy suitor, and in-
isted upon her wedding him. I cannot vie
-1 l . 1 - -II
with my rival ; ho lavishes gold and gems
upon tho lovely Adeline I have only a
humble heart to offer. But that she deem
ed preferable to all tho wealth of tho gross
man of her father's choice ; and till this
night I dreamed that I was still beloved.
But this night I have seen her at his side
her hand in his her ear turned to his
whisperinglips and the love-tributes of gold
and gems dazzling before her ! I was mad-
dened at the sight. 1 bad clung to the hope
that Adeline was constant : that hope was
my solace by day, and gave tho inspiration
to my dreams at night. I fancied the Em
peror might one day promote mc, when l
could demand tho hand of Adeline in mar
riage, in the confidence of being able to sup
port her without detriment to tho comforts
and cniovments of my aged mother. This
hope is destroyed mydrcams are all vanish
cd and I only sco the despairing certainty
of Adeline's affection turning to my rich
rival ! O, Sir, if you havo ever loved if
you havo ever known tho agony of a situa
tion liko mine, your heart may form some
excuse for me, when I tell you that in my
esperation I purchased this pistol, and de
termined upon laying contributions upon the
nublic that I too mijrht throw cold and jewels
into Adelino's lap, and rival tho favored one
even in his splendor. I saw no other way
of recovering Adeline s lo3t affection 1
could not desert mv poor mother tlie re
suit is as vou see. Will you betray me 7
Tho pedestrian was silent. The youth
Willi passionate uinuuuu cuuj;ui iua uuu,
exclaimed, convulsingly 4 Will you will
you betray mo V and again ho sunk at his
feet.
4 1 will think upon it,' said the pedestrian,
eoldlv. Give mo that pistol.'
4 No ! cold-hearted man !' exclaimed the
vouth. suddenly startine upon his feet. 4No
. 11 f. 1 !if i:v. ... f u:
nor snail 11 do yours 1111 1110 ia ui u u"
wretched body ! and ho put the muzzlo to
his forehead.
4 For heaven's sake, hold! cried tho
stranger.
Tho trigger, however, was pulled ! Tho
priming flashed in the pan. The pedestrian
then seized upon the weapon, and alter
short struggle, wrested it from tho youth
grasp.
Mon dieu ! cried the pedestrian
4 your
blood boils !'
4 Go. reioined tho youth, 4 disclose
all
you know. I am ready to go out upon the
scaffold. I am tired of lifo. Death will be
welcome.
4 Then como with me.' Thus saying,
the stranger took him fast bv the arm, and
Tiu?itoJJf!U!e dark mid narrow
thoroughfare.
They proceeded along various obscure
streets until they suddenly stopped before a
door-way in a high and extended wall, and
the stranger touching a secret spring, tho
door flew open, and they ontered, tho stran
ger closing tho door after them. In a few
moments they were in a neat and comfor.
table apartment, wherein two servants were
sitting, who aroso on tho parties entering,
and the stranger taking one of them aside,
addressed a few words to liim, and abruptly
left the room.
It was soon evident to tho youth that tho
servants had been commanded to preserve
a itrict silence ; ho was not in the mood for
conversation, and this was, therefore, to
him a matter of more pleasure than grief:
hid spirits wero broken and he looked upon
death as the only refuge ho could fly to for
relief.
I Soon afterwards tho servants intimated to
tho youth that he was to sleep there, and
that his bed was ready. He followed them,
and as he passed out of tho room, ho per
ceived that two gendarms had been station
cd outside of tho door. They followed him
up stairs, and when ho was ushered into a
small narrow bedchamber, and the door was
fastened upon him, he heard tho heavy tread
of tho gendarms pacing to and fro on tho
outsido. Here, in his loneliness, tho thought
of self-destruction again occured to him.
4 O that I could die at once,' ho inwardly ex
claimed. 4 'Tis horrible to bo brought out
upon a scaffold, to public execution, before
a gazing million. Mother! Mother!' ho
franticly exclaimed, 4 to tho protection of
Heaven I must leave you ! This world is
done with me. O, Adeline, this this is
thy work !'
Ho searched the apartment with insano
curiosity to discover somo instrument of
death, but tho room was bare of Airnituru,
save tho bed, and its clothes. With tho lat
ter he busied himself, and tearing somo of
tho sheets into strips, ho was fastening them
rapidly together, when a man suddenly en
tered tho room, and sat down upon the bed.
Louis as suddenly leaped into tho bod, and
tho man remaining in tho position ho had
taken up, tho youth insensibly - fell into a
deep slumber, wherein he remained during
tho night.
It was mid-day when ho awoke. The
man was still in tho chamber. Louis was
calmed and refreshed, and when tho man
asked him if ho would ariso and accom
pany him to tho gentleman with whom ho
had becomo acquainted on tho previous
night,' Louis cheerfully assented. Soon af
tcrwards, the youth stood again in the pre
sence of tho cloaked man, whoso lifo ho
had threatened. It was a dark antiquo
chamber, and the gentleman had taken his
placo in a recess, in the depth of which his
person was dimly visible. Louis entered
pale and trembling, and with downcast tear,
ful eyes ho approached the man whom ho
had m his moment of frenzy, assailed. A
chair was pointed to him, into which he fell,
and buried his face in his hands.
' Young man, said tho stranger, you
show a becoming sorrow but what avails
? Suppose you had sent a bullet through
my head last ttitfht, would your penitence
awakon me to liio ugoin T Yours is tho old
tory. Every illam U a penitent, when
the guillotine stares him in the face.
u, Sir ! spare me-spare me, 1 impiorc
, cried tho youth.
Why should 1 1 You should have thought
the consequences of the crime you
meditated. But you wero headstrong a
fool and you must Buffer for your folly.'
Sir, I am ready to meet my punisument.
Do not ajrsravato it by reproof.'
1 win 11 is a sausiacuon mai is uuo u
mo. I would show you tho extent of your
folly, and your crime. I havo made en. J
ouries resDCCtincr your storv. and find it, in I
its main points, correct enough ; but Mon
dieuf you were a lool. You aavcniurca
rn tho field of love, and could not rcau tne
ndvpntured w ith ! I would bo
revenged for the outrage of last night, and
am rovcncoJ. in tolling you, impriaonnd ae 1
. 1 ; r.T: i. r
you now arc nnu in u ioir uy w wo m.ui
fold, and your conclusion respecting your
mistress, was a false ono !'
4 False !' echoed tho vouth.
Av. hot-brained boy, falso ! Your rival,
pleased with your devotion, and your atten.
tion to vour noor mother, necamo your
friend, abandoned his suit, and even plead,
cd for you with Adeline's father. Ho sue-
cccded : tho old man had given his consent
to vour marriage with his daughter, tor your
rival the man whom you saw wnispermg
in tho eager car of Adeline had bestowed
" r ,:f;.i,Aonn(i
upon ) ou a nramag ijui
irancs. vvnai uium yu uuw, itusn wy
fih Tionvrma i w iumed t he distractea
.i :. : , :mne;tia i
youth, 4 it is impossible !
4 Wot so, you snail near tne story irom uio
girl's own lfps; for justice ollows'onc more
meeting. &e sccrash youth, what your
hot blood has driven you to ! Fine love
yours must be, truly, to doubt a lovely girl
who has been constant to you tor many
months, and resisted parent's frowns, rival's
cold, merely because you saw something rwwiwu. xuvMMva
which your jealous imagination tortured in- Sally consisted of twelve men ; sho-cap.
to a crime.' SIZC( on tDe 10t" cn r Provls
4 Oh, forbear; for Heaven's sako for-
bear !' cried tho youth. 4 If you would not
see me fall dead at your feet, torbcar !'
You would have laid me dead at yours,
last night,' rejoined tho stranger,
can vou ask for mercy V
How
friendless aged parent, all-all presented
" " 1 ; ue L t .a ,i;Arri-
1 1 T,n..r nn n. ,nt I it1 1 .ni'P rirenmr
a
thcmscl
I was
judge
mad ! You know not you cannot
r i: .u MM,hAm
01 my itciiiiL's uivn viuy w.v...
now !'
L.i4 Ah, there
j's vciiT mother, too ; when the
iCyoucarillttJ?J5f!::?r
muu 111 wus un, you caruur ciA7i juu
thought not that whon the gullotine had done
its office sho would be left to starve & die '
4 Oh, no ; the Emperor Napoleon is the
father of all his people, and ho will not let
tlie desolate widow perish.'
4 Hum !' responded the stranger. I be-
lievo vou may make yourself hanDV on that
score ; the Emperor will protect her. Are
you now prepared to tako your trial V
I am.'
Are you prepared to meet tho girl you
love 1 To hear from her own lips the story
of her innocence, and the crenerositv or him
you hated.
An inward strugglo was evident in tho
looks of Louis, but after a pause, ho faulter
ed, 4 1 am.'
4 'Tis well,' replied the other. 4 Bo firm
young man : tho scene that is about to en
sue is no common one. You will look up
on tho faco of Adeline, as you never looked
upon it before, x on will tako her hand but
not as tho poor and humble but innocent
lover.
Shn will not mmrrlrt hr tpnr with
yours over tho story ' of your poverty and
constant worship. lours will not bo the
lanzuago of passionate love, nor hers of en-
couragement and expectation. You have
thn. fiftr-dlnn knot nf vnne fntn. nnd
must endure the issue. Come she is ready!'
With these words, solemnly and impre3
sively delivered, tho stranger pushed open
a door, ana occKoning tno youtn to iowow
him, they entered a dark and narrow pas
sage, at the end of which thero was a door
They paused.
4 She is within tliis room !' remarked tho
stranger. 4 You tremble.
4 Oh, Heaven, support me I murmured
tho youth.
Give mc your hand,' replied tlie other,
and as ho took the youth's hand within his,
he exclaimed 4 Bo not a craven, Louis, at
a moment liko this, for the honor of man
hood !' And at that instant tho door was
thrown open suddenly.
Tho blaze of light which illuminated tho
apartment into which they entered, dazzled
tho eyes of tho youth, for it was so different
from tho gloom and obscurity of the cham
bcrs and passages they had previously been
in. Tho stranger hurried him along
to tho top of the apartment. A warm
hand was then placed within his, a wo
man's face was buried in his bosom. It was
Adeline;
They stood before a nuptial altar ! They
were not alone. . Tho father of Adeline and
tho rival of Louis wero there ; tho minister
was at tho altar, and beside the entranced
pair stood tho stranger, gazing with delight
upon their ccstacy. Louis gazed at tho
strango scene before him in wonder and
apprehension. His eyes wandered from
ono to another, but they rested upoa tho
stranger, who looked on tho sccno with a
smile. Upon him tho eyes of Louis rest
ed, and tho stranger perceiving his amaze,
mcnt gradually allowed the cloak to fall from
his person, and Louis involuntarily dropped
upon his kneos,
1, as ho bcticld in tuo person
of tho stranger, Lis sovereign, Napoleon,
Emperor of France !
- Louis,' exclaimed . the . Emperor, you
have said that the Emperor is the father of
his people. Is your father s mode of pun
lsiiing tne not oi amea louy 01 iust sort satis
factory?"
4 My sovereign I' cried Louis, I may not
cannot speak'
Y nu must. lentil., continued the Emne.
ror, 4 lor l nave given my wora mat Aae. ;
line shall become a briao this day and ,
you must fulfil my promise. Come boy, no
tears, no tears ; your punishment was end-
cd when you left the dark cliamber : tho re
ward of virtue commences. The Emperor
Napoleon will not derert young Frenchmen
who gild the declining days of aged parents ,
witn nnaj love, ana scatter joy upon mou
crey nairs. inow let tne service uegm.
The ceremony was performed. Adeline
became the bride of. her beloved," and tho
Emperor Napoleon was tlie constant friend
r ,:j
ui ura wiuwh o auu.
Horrible Shipwreck: On the 29th July,
tho Volunteer, of Hull, Capt. Clark, from
America, in lat. 45 dcg. 23 mm. IS., and
50 deg. 20 min. W. longitude, about a hun
dred miles from Capo Breton, discovered a
vessel to the N. E. having a signal of dis-
tress at her mast head. I he boats wero
manned and went to her asistance, and
found her to bo the Hannah, of North
Shields, Capt. Clough, from the river St.
Lawrence, laden with deals. I hey iouna
on board tho master, mate, and second
on board tne masior, mate, ana
mate able to walk, and four of thecrew ly
1. . .. , ., , ...
"'6 r-- :
ana convcyeu 10 me v uiumccr, uui iw
J , .
1 J A.I. . lU OTtOS
y -- . . , . , , . .
bio to crawl up d p ladder : the oth-
rs were hois ted up m a hammock. Er.
y caro was taken of tho poor fellows, but
tho ship s cook, was so exhausted, that ho
e 7-- aJmZ
to tho deep. The remaining sux gradually
ons ana ono 01 me crew, ai onuguwe.
wero wasnea overuoara, ounn 1 c.uug u
- l"r "'b
"y , . 1 j 7 t ' V
U.IIU BllU I Jgmuui a ucjf wnj put ujj a ji-vv
of carpet to the mainmast as a signal of
distress, and far ten dreary days and nights
they were on board without food, other than
the flesh cut from the body of a dead com-
Pion, ana even mis 1 .y cuuiu
thcixuclves to cat until after seven days
. - ,
Starvation. x nujr nuu uu uuiti uiou ou
water to drink. On tho 5th day they saw
,'! ndran tho bell and shouted with
J w...VftaCos. - " 1 rAirrr. "
all their might, but the vessel went on iU
courso and was soon out of sight. On tho
Oth day a man fell overboard, and in tho eve.
n,ng a mar died in the rigging. Driven to
tho last stago of famine, they opened tho
body, took out tho liver, which they ate, and
occasionally cut pieces from tho body fal.
though with tho most revolting disgust) to
sustain Hie lor a season. Part of tho bo-
ty was seen by the men of tho Volunteer.
I On the evening before their providential
discovery, one of tho boys became delin-
ns ano screamca ior nis iatner ana mom
ons,
er, and prayed of his fellow-sufferers not to
cat him as they did the body of tho man.
Tho poor boy died in the night, as did an
other man, and they committed their bodies
to the deep. Tho six survivors landed
hero on Wednesday, 3 1st of August, and on
Saturday the master will proceed horno,-
null Aav,
It is very much to bo hoped that thero is
utterlalsohoodor gross exaggeration at least.
in 1,10 following report which we copy fronr
v"u" "Va!, " "ltt?
oiaw'. " uetaiw ncre Blv?n are maeoa
" uct " ui huciuiv, iuum uw
plorable, to be sure. 1 ho truth is, this stu
pendous system of violence and misrule,.
denominated Lynch law, must bo put down
in this country ,or our regular institutions will
notonlv becomo a mockcrv and a bve-word
of reproach throughout the world ; but they
will very soon be undermined and destroy
ed, and our boasted 44 freo government"1 re
duced at once to a mere ruffian system of
confusion, bloodshed, and unmitigated anar
chy. N. Y. Cour, and Enq.
44 Reports are rife in this vicinity of tha
umidcr, by a mob, near Chilli cothe, of Mr
Edward Weed, lato of Lane Seminary, and
sinco of Cummingsville. A gentleman of
Marietta, in whom entire confidence may
bo placed, reports the following statement
as having been mado in the stage house at
Wooster, by a Kentuckian travelling north
in pursuit of slaves, and afterwards repeat
ed by the same individual in tho stage, viz :.
that there was a town gathering at Chillicoth
on the same day of last week, when Mr.
Weed arrived in town on some business j
and being known as an abolitionist, somo
indignities wero offered to him such as
shaving his horse, removing the wheels of
his wagon, die. that Mr. Weed soon after
left town, was . followed by the mob, his
wagon broken to pieces, his horse killed,,,
and at length himself suspended to a tree
hy a rope of bark until he was dnd. Th
Kentuckian stated that ho was informed of
the fact oq his arrival at Chillicolhe,'arid
wont and saw the body of Mr. Weed.
Harrington, of tho Boston Daily Hw
aid, says 'a gentleman in tho stago tho other
day, speaking of the expectations formed by,
persons emigrating to the new lands, said ,
they thought they had but to stick a;
pigs tail in the ground, and it would grow
a hog.
I
. 4