majeftv'* fi.ls vifh i* th-t pr.ao may re
vive in Europe, that no perfftn may af
fume any authority whatfoevrr over any
•ffcor ftate ; and that the French go
vcrniaertt do acknowledge an rqiality
Ot rights for inferior ftates, but who are
. not leis independent than France. Ruffia,
it cannot be too often repeated, rr.ter
tains net the leaft inclination for war,
nor c»n fhe be benr fitted hy it ; hereon-
Uvift will alo, c b" influenced oy the
preffitTe of circumftanees. She may,
however jnflly prefums, that the French
adrniniiiinticn entertains Inch an opinion
tf the Ruffian government, as to be con
vinced that ths latter will rot remain
u.i idle or indiff-rent fpeftator of auv
utw encroachments.
v His mairfty the emperor of Ruffia
is not hlmfelf influenced by fear, nor
Joeshawifh to dired its operations to
ths minds of othsrs. Tt is h s dsfireto
prefer Ye his former relations with Francs,
but upon no other ground than that ot
perfeft tranquility. The firft condition
it thai the term* mutually agreed upon
ftiil bo f.»cird ; y fulfil'-cl, and cm this
condition only can the two fiat's, a'tc .
What ha 3 happened, c. joy th:ir f .rmer
rc'ati n» of good will and amity.
41 Tie underfigned has been ordered
to drclari", he cannot prolong his
(Uy at Peris, unlefs tbe following de
tuaeds are prtviouffy granted.
ul . Th ,t confoi msbly to the 4*h and
sih articles of th? focret convention of
thr 11 h of OcVber, 1801, the French
government (hall order its troops to
evacuate the kingdom of Naples ; and
whs;, 'hit is done, that it (hall engage
to rcfpsAthf neutrality of that kingdom
during the prefent and any future war.
" 2. That in conform ty to the fe
cond article of the f-id convention, the
French government fliall promife to efta
blifh, immediately, fome prir cicle of
Concert with his impcriil majclty lor re
gulating the bafij which the affairs
ef Italy Ihall b- finally adjufted.
44 3 That it fhall engage, in confor
mity to the 6th article of' the conven
tion afjrefaid, and the promise so re,
peatedly given to Russia to indemnify,
without delay, tha king of S rumia for
tbe l< ff s he has fuftaitied. Lsftly,
'• 4. That in virtue of tbe obliga
tion ot a mutual guarantee and media
tion, the Frerch guvernmett fha'.l pro-
Olife immediately to evacuate and with
draw its troops from the North of Ger
many ; aid enter into an engagment to
refprft, in the ftriftsft manner, the neu
trality of the Germanic body.
" The underfigned has to add, that he
has received orders from his government
to demand a categorical anfwer to thefe
four points, and avails himlell of this op
portunity, Bee.
(Signed)
" P. D'OUBRIL"
, I. LL ■■■! II - 1 —— — ' T
city.
MONDAY January 14.
THE Delegates of the district of
Columbia are advised that an adjourned
meeting will be held at Semmes's Hotel,
George town, THIS DAT, at 10 o'clock,
A. M,
Wafhington AiTemblies.
The Sublcrib.:rsareint rmed chit the
fi'ft AlTem ly will be held at the Thoa
tn, on Wednefday Evening, at fix
o'clock.
DIED, on Friday morning, Colonel
JAMES GILLESPIE, a reprifentative
lioui N' rth Girolina.
The Houfe of Rtprefentatives entered
on Friday into a lefoiution tc wear crape
for thirty days, and on Saturday attend
ed his funeral, for the direction of which
thty had pievLufly appointed a com
mittee.
The Lcgiflature of Pernfylvaniahave
rejefted the propnfuiow mscte by tbe le-
. f Maffachuiettt, for altering
the confti f u'ion of the U itcd States.
relative to the reprcfentation in Con
grefs.
On the 7th i. Rant, the trial of the
imoeachmeit again! Edw-rd Shippen,
Jifper Ysat's, and Thorn:-.* Smith, afta
e ; ate Judges of th.- Suprrm* C u't of
Prnnfylvania, commrrnced at Lanc.-»fter,
before the Senat". Mr. Rndr'-y ap
peared as co«»»fel for thr man 'get a,-and
Meff-s. Dallas and Ir.gerfol, counfel for
the Judges.
The Articles of Impeachment having
beeo tend,
Judge Shi{pen role and M I beg
leave to deliver, pis- and anfwer to
ti.is acculatii'j in writing."
A paper was accordingly handed to
the Fi-fide'nt by Mr. Dallas,
The President then fai.l, " (hill thig
plea and ai.fv.er be read ?"—-and the
court mifwered aye.
it x\&s arcoidirgly read by the clerk
hi t-dlows :
4 ' The anfwers of Edward Shippon,
Jafper Yeatm, and Thomas Smith, to the
articles of im;ieactimeiit, exhibited again fl
th. m by the Houfe ot Reprefcntativei
«>f ths Commonv/t alth of Pcunlylvania :
" The faid Edward Shippen, Jifpsr
Yeates and Thomas Smith, faying to
tbe*mfe ,, -ei, r*fprftive!y\ i.l exception!,
what! tv.r, to the faid articles, and the
cha»gri th'rein contained, feverrdly an
fwer a.XI f.y ;
That, th. y are not jointly or tcverally,
guilty of all, or any, of the matters in
the faid at tides contained, irt manner
and form, as they are therein ch'uged
againft them.
And, tluy, further, Confidently aver,
that, all and lingular the which
they nave judicially done, i i the pre
mifes, were warranted and jollified, by
the conflitu'ioo ami known laws of the
commonwealth ; and, were free from all
feeling* and pf favour, preju.Ucr,
cruelty, or oppreffion.
(Signed")
EDWARD S HIPP EN,
JASPER YRATES,
THOMAS SMITH.
(Signed)
Jahkd Ingkrsoi.l., ~> Counfel for the
A. J. Dallas, $ respondents.
Mr. Boileau, chairman of the mana
gers, then tof-—" Mr. Prefident, the
man-igr-s conlider it to be. their duty,
toconfuit the He:'> of ..
u-ion the replication to be given to this
plea ; the/, therefor-?, demand, of the
court, a dehiy until the ufual time of
mecing, to-morrow morning, to prepare
the fame."
Hue President laid, the time is grant
ed.
Mr. Lean, of the Smate, then moved
that the ccurt adjourn to halt paft eleven
on Tuefday morning ; and the ccurt was
accordingly adjourned—at 12 o'clock.
A gemleman who came psftenger in
thebaique Nixon, from' Rotterdam to
Savannah, iniorms that Mr. Monroe,
the American minifter, arrived a* Rotter
dam from f,irdonon the 14th October,
and left it in two days afterward* for
Paris and Marid.
Extract of a letter to a gentleman in
New Tork, dated Cadiz, November
13.
" The news yefterdny from the in
terior of this country is of a very alarm
ing nature. In many places the peo
ple are in a ftate of iniurreftion. Want
of bread has driven the lower claffes to
grant extremity, and in confiquence to
feme (hacking outrages. In one town
the poorer inhabitants have rifen in a
mob and hanged the governor.'»
NEW YORK, January 9.
At a court of oyer and terminer and
general delivery, held yefterday at
the city ball,of the city of New York,
in and for the faid city and county,
William P. Van Nefs, Efq. was tried
and of the bearer of a
challerigs from the Vice Prefident of the
Unitrd States t> the late gen. Hamil
ton, and for aiding and abetting in the
fatal dv I which terminated in the death
of the latter. The evidence was fo
clear and politive, that the jury return
ed a verdift without retiring from their
box.
Tie tri*l r f Nathaniel Pendleton,
El'q. implicated in a fimihr charge ns
the fi-coml of gen. Hamilton, will, we
undeift-.nd, take place this day ; and
that of Rirhsrd Riker, E r g. (the diftrift
vtcr.iey) and Mr. Robert Swartwout.
in thecouifeof thefetfion—Mr. Wood
worth, the attorney-general, having
come on for the fprciM purpnfe of con
dufting thefe protections on the part
of the ftate.
Ths cnufs of col. William S. Smith,
againft Mr. James Chettham, for a li
bel, was tried it a fitting of the fu»reroe
court on Monday ; and called in to ex
ercife fome of the fi ft rate talents «f
the bar. A vsrdift was riven for the
plaintiff, wiih 200 dollars J images.
" * "" ' ' r~ " .' ' ' ■
District e-J Columbia, Washington
County.
I Hereby certify that Daniel Geyer brought
b'fore me a ftray BAY HORSB, about
15 hand* high, in very baa order, appear* to
be about 11 year* old, with a (mail white
fpnt on hi* forehead, a fnip on the right fide
of his nofe, and afmall white place under his
belly. Given under my hand this nth day
of January, 180 v.
SAMUKL HAMILTON.
The «wner of the nhove defcribed horfe
may have him again by paying hi* expencc.,
and the cod ot thi* advertifement by applica
tion to the lubfcribcr near the Centre Market
Houfa
DANIEL GBYER.
Jannar) 14—jt
In the case of Remy Dunlap an insol
vent d h
Diftrid of Columbia Wafhington county
to wit :
ON the petition of HENRY DUNLAP
an infnlv«lt debtor confined in the
prifon of Wafhington county for debt. It it
•rdered that notice ">e given to the creditor*
of the faid Henry Dunlap that on the »Bth of
January inft. at 10 o'clock A. M. at the court
room in the capitol, tbe oath ef an iniolvent
debtor will be adminifiered to the Cud Henry
Dahtap and a truftes appointed agreeably to
the s>ct, for the relief of infolvent debtors
within the Diftri& of Columbia, unlef* fufli
cient caufe then and there be (hewn to the
contrary. It is alio ordered chat this notice
be publifhed in ths Nitionai Intelligencer
and W,-fhington Fedcralift three times previ
ous to the aid inft.
By order URIAH FORREST, Ck.
January 14—31
I ' AN ACT
'Ta divide the Indiana Territory in'.o
two separate governments.
Pc it enacted, by the Senate and hi ■■?; te
\of Rei>resentatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled That
and nffrrthe thirtieth d*y -=,1 June
next, all that part of the Ind ana ter
ritory, which lie* North of a line 'hnwn
Rail from the f m therly bend or extreme
of h'ke Michigan, trnt'l it. (hill inter
feet lake Erie, and Edlo* a lincdra*n
from the faid fatherly herd through
B middle of f.i d to > s northern
mity, and thence due* North to the
northern boii'id.iiy of the Ui itru States,
Ihall, for the purpof* of temporiry go
vernment, cmifiitute a f paratc territory,
md be called Michigan.
S c. 3. And be it further enacted, That
j there IhaUbe eflablithtd within the laid
territory, a government in ill reflects
| fimilar to that providsfl by the ordi-
I nance of G ngrefs, patted on the thir
teenth day of July, ons thoufand feven
[ hundred and eighty feven, for the go
vernment of the territoty of the United
States North W»lf of the river Ohio ;
and by an act patted on the feventh day i
of AOguft, one th-ufand feven bond red
and eighty nine, entitled tl An act to
provide for the government of the Ter
ritory North Well of the river Ohio;"
and the inhabitants thereof (hall be en
titled to, and enjoy all and lingular the
rights, privileges, and advantages grant
ed and fecured to the people of the ter
ritory of the United States, North Weft
of the river Ohio, by the laid ordi
nance.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That
the officers for the faid territory, who,
by virtue of this act, fhall be appointed
by the Prefident of the United States,
by and with the advice and content ot
the Senate, fhall refpectively exercife th*
fame power*, perform the fame duties, &
receive for ihrirfervices the fame compen
fationsasby theordi ance aforefaid 8c the
laws of the United Statu*, have hern pro
vided & eltablifhed forfimilar officers in
the Indiana Territory ; and the duties
and emoluments of Superintendent of
Indian affaiis. fliall be united with thefe
of Governor.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That
nothing in this act contained, fhall be
coriftrucd fo as, i.» any manner, to affect
the government now in force in the In
diana Territory, further than to prohibit
tbe exercile thereof, within the faid ter
ritory of Michigan, from and after the
aforefaid thirtieth day of June next.
Sec. 5. And be it further e/iaerec/, That
all fuits, procefs mid proceedings, which,
on the thirtieth day ot June next, (hall
be pending in the court of any county,
which fhall be included within the faid
Territe-iy of Michigan ; and alfo all
fuits, procffs and proceedings, which, on
the faid thirtieth day of June next,
(hall be pending in the general court el
the Indiana Territory, in confequence ot
any writ of removal, or order tor tri«l
at bar, and which had been removed
from any of the countie* included with
in the limits of the Territory of Mir.hi
gan aforefaid, fliall, in all things con
cerning the fame, be proceeded on, and
judgments and decrees rendered thereon
in the fame manner as if the faid Inch
ana Territory had remained undivided.
Ssc. 6. And be it further enacted, That
(hall be the feat of government
of the faid territory, until Congrels
fhall ctherwife direct.
NATHL. MACON,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Vice-President of the United States, and
President of the Senate.
January 11, 1805—Appkovkd,
TH: JEFFERSON.
anTEt
Declaring Cambridge, in the ftate of
Massachusetts, to b< a port of deli
very.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House
of Uepresentatives of the United States
of America in Congress assembled, That
the town or '. mding place of Cambridge,
in the ftate of Maflachufetts, fhall be
a port of d livery, to he annexed to the
hhltric* ot B .(ton aid Charleitown, and
lluill be fubjrot to the fame legulationt
as other ports of delivery in the Unitad
States. N >.THL. MACON,
Ijker of the House of Representatives,
l President of the United States,
and President of the Senate,
anuary 11, 1805—APfftOVXP,
TO THE PUBLIC.
r hatever reluctance I may feel to the me»
, 1 cannot avoid obtrudii.g myfeif and my
rs on public attention. 1 o fuffcr the no
given by Mr. Jame* Ortcnleaf, that the
nee* ol Morris and others, have claim to
a great part ol tht Walhington Tontine pro.
perty, to paf* without obicrvation, might tx„
pole me to the fufpicion that I couid defend
to practife fraud upon the public, tore
frain from (hewing to the world, tht.t the
Tontine property i* free from any claim of
Morrii and others, would be to absndot. a
fair and honed enterprise ; u'eful to its pro.
jcclors; beneficial to thofe who have become,
and may become adventurers in it; and ad
vantageou-; to the City of Wafhington.
Some of the Tontine properry wa» acquired
by myfeif and other*, by purer, tie at the pub
lic fale* of the comrninioiier* i>f Wafiiirgion,
iof t ihat hJid been ci
by Morri* and others, an.l which wis i
[era law of Maryland Iw&nrf! die
I payments had nit b-;:n mi-ie 'hi*, i'
i tuiderltood, i« thu property, to which .: ii
"j faid the auVnsc* hi?.- claim—and this, on flu
! ground heretofore.afiaoie-l, that the commit
I Goner* had not airv>*o*ity uu.de* the Msi
law. to re fell the proper*.* cmur*cV r l for by
Morris and others, btiaie thtpaffsge of the
For more thm fV.veu years, nretenfions ot
this kind 'aye b«en famnurad throiMfViut 'he
United StVfes, to the inconceivable injury of
many proprietor* of City property : arid to
rh« gr,-„ prtnHtes -f the City itfelf.— ut,
j as in ill this time, no effort has been maie to
eftaalrih clalai ro a 'ot, by any legal
court's, thofe leaft inclined co' urirrnrirable
fufpicinn, have been led to the betiel
thefe pretenfi in* were kept up for the Isu
purpoft of retarding the progrefs of the ricy,
by deterriiitjr ftrarnrers from making inn '■
mc.its in it: —or wi'h the honed view of
cmhjirraffmrr tales, until the owners o
property mould vieM, a* to the lelfcr r
iniquitous demands In th.: ihajrs of compro
mise, for rhe privilege of t'e'linsr.
Whothit deps beyond hi* own threfhohl
ha* not had his enr* poiloned by the tale*,
univerfally circuited, of the infinite hazard
of title* in Wailu'ugNn ? la WWhmgtoti,
where of a'l place* the titles to property can
be m./ft cafiiy ascertained; and of *11
place*, tbey are in general mod fecure : —and
more especially, to that property Subject to
mod obloquy-- I moon thut which has pafled
through the hind* of ths commit!sners, and
is under their title; in which, it is next
to impoffiblc lor the moil ignorant ro be de
ceived.
But enough of exordium The public will
pleafe to take notice, that Morri* and others,
contracted on the 14th of December, 1793,
with the conimiffioners of WaOington, for
6os»0 tats, and agreed t» pay by feven annu
al indalments of about 70,000 dollars each.
They quickly failed t° make the promifed
payments, and the cdmmiiti.mers proceeded
to re-fell the lots under the authority ot" the
Maryland law : -But their right being ques
tioned, they took the opinion 01 the Attorney
General ef the United State*, lb much of
which a* i* relevant to the poiut in coutcft, I
here recite :
" By the agreement ot the 14th December,
1793. between the comm;iTn>n.;rs of Wafh
ington, and Morri* and Greenleaf for 6000
lots, the coitfideration money is to he paid hy
indalment*, and therefore this fak" (1 ii.c
in contemplation by the conirniflioners) " ap
pears to h? within the letter and Spirit of the
act of 18th December, 1793, which more
properly comprehends (ales made pi., tothc
paff,;ge of the act, than fales fabli.-q.uent
thereto, and in mv opinion cwmpreheiidf fales
of both defcriptions. Thlt act does not im
pair any contract, nor is ie objectionable with
refpect to this fale, a* being ex pod facto, be
caufe it doe 9 not a'ter any contract, but iuvcm*
a new and fpeedy mode of preventing injury
thut mfght »rife from a breach of contract,
and ig in furtherance of a fair and complete
execution ol the term* of the contract. It is
analogous to a law amending the adrniriidra
tion of jnfticc, and giving new, or changing
old remedies
" In the prefent cafe it may he remarked,
that the i-iw was palled before any breach of
contract had t.ken place
" A* to the lot* comprised in the contrast,
remaining unconveyed to Morris and Oreen
leaf, if d*fault has been msde in paying the
indalments, or any of them which nay have
become due, and likewife in building the
number of hoafes ftipulatcd, it is my opinion
fo many of them may be re-fo'd by tbe com
rniffioner* agreeably fo the aforefaid act, as
(hall be requifre to raife the full fum of money
due at the time nf fuch re fale, and fo from
time to time, a* the indalments (hall fall due,
and bs unpaid It is my meaning that no more
ffnll be fold than willfatisfy the arrearage* of
principal and intereft actually due and charges
thereon. C. LBE".
That the reader may judge of the found-
I ntf* of the attorney general's expofition of
the law, I will recite all of it that relates to
this fubject, _—
" And be it enacted, I hat on file* of lot*
in the laid city, by the faid eommiifione ». or
any two ol them, under term* or conditions
of paymc.t being made therefor, at any day,
or day* after fuch contract entered into, if
any fum of the purchafe money or intered
fha'l not be paid for the fpace of 30 days af
ter the fame oaght to be paid, the eommtflS
oner», or any two of them may tell the fame,
lot* at public vendue in the city of Wafhing
ton, at any time after giving 60 day* notice
of fach fale in fome of the public new*-papers
S George town and Baltimore town, and
in in their hinds fuflicient of the money
Jueed ' y fuch new fale. to fatiVy all prin
il and intered due »i* the fird contract,
together with all the expciifes oi
menr* and fa c—and the origin )1 purchafer
or hi* afli/its (hall be entiled to receive from
the faid comniiflioner* at their tn.afury on ]
demand the balance of the many which
have been actually received by tli-m, orund«r J
their order, on the (aid fecond fale -and all
lots to fold (hall be freed md acquitted ol all |
claim legal or equitable of the tirC purchafer,
his heir and affirm* "
Here I might iaicly r*d rr.y arjc-eal, fecure
of the fuffrage of every roan who can und^r
lland wh.it he reads, anc" who f e objeil it c n
viction But in a csfe HVe this, even the
; (hadow of diffidence (Honld not remain-and
I fhall not, nor (h .11 thofe miserable creature*
j whofe higheft gratification conhnsin the ma.
j lignant pleasure of furveying the rfrfappoiut
mcr.t* of men drive by proper rnea..*,
I t-> acquit chemfelva* honorably ot their bur_
then a, be permitted the privilege of doubting
thenifelv**, nor, of infilling doubtr into trie
minos of others, a« to the lafety of the toies
to the i online property, and other property
in :fftctd by th** fraudulent
c'ajoi, to the amount of one third of all that
is valuable in it.
Let it be rem«ml-.«red thtt the objection to
the commilTioners right to ie Cell the ot* con
tracted for by ivl'irri* ar.d Greenleaf, is this—
th.it the lnw giving the |.oivtr to re fale,
p.affod a'ter the conrabl. liven poor
plea, wntchtd it is. fliall no longer be
made the pretext for deception. I h«« law
! paffeo before the contract. For evidence of
j this facl I appeal t> the journals of proceed
ing!, of the two houies of the MaryianJ le
l giflature, by which it will be (ccii, that the
j bili originated in the Senate, ao.i after tne
fanction of that body, wa» lent, to the Houfe
of Delegate* where it rem v cd fome dv)*.
iin tho fitting r' ;oe forenoon, of tr.e 34
Thole •■•un.si> will be lodg
I ed at «h« oSice of the Nati,..ia; loteliige
j I fcarccly need uKferve wh;
j knows, that the l« *1 of M.ryhid »Ac i
their pitting botf\houfe*. The go
; nor is not,a part vi thelegiQ-ife, and tno
! Cjjn-i the laws in the prefence, oi !>nth ho* ■•■.
ja* a witnefs, the •vmifHoa to do fo, 4oe»n»<
i invalid it.- «h» Uvvs, asr'ir. courts havft drier
j mined—'•hey arc sumach in force before they
j get his fign*tare, which id genet-ally put tt>
the Lefltou i .;..4.
The r.'.'.'HiniLio... is i.c 1733 were re
'.- ••: rj o-uilsi re and >1 1 I
. think it ejoiffl fate coctHiimtt the rate ai
' :-■ to the lre*i»mn ot (»r*ei
j aid C->. wi'ti <!■»'>r.ii':i- remedy in. tl
. i'-r failure in engagement, I
the to.ii Ui of a v cii:-ncery I'ni*,
! aod thereui»'f* waic»d until tuey rccriv
-Icd Ctrtlinhiforoi: ti-.,-} at tls; p&tfage o?
Uvw, Swcii r.. • *f is feut
' them im.-.-.-.-diato'y on its okfuga the 24;U
of December, and they r\":..-i*-tt <t i.j
time to enable them to execute the 1
the fame ntrrht, though «t n ■
I late Iv sir, with f;. ' knowledge of
I exiftence of the lava,
I: may be afk-d, did tfc* c
j miflibners cf 17«7 re prefent to tbe »-*
j torncy general, and bel.ere themfelvcs
) that this important act paired the; 88:1*
j and not the 24th of Drcemher i I know
.oJ but one way of ai (..>unt»ng for this
I asp?rent iarwetentsan ".'. their part, to a
fact to be (me no; material to H
of rf-;'.il«-, but certainly vciy mi"
I to quiet ciic minds of timid pur- .
ch'-sfei's. Thofe gentlemen were a new
let of comniiiKoaeis, none oi' them had
been.privy to the tr*nfaifcioos of i79:>,
they faw by tbe contrast; they found in
the office tint it had been executed o \
f he 2.4)'h of December* and by the print
j 'd book of law?, it appeared thtit the aft;
I;n queition and every other act of the
lams feffi n had piOW on the SBth d:,y
ol P.-cernber, and 1 fojpofa they ti<>a : .r•
further. The circuinllinr.es in
deed of all the afts of the feffion ap«
paring to have palled on the fime dzy,
had it been adverted to, would have led
t > th,- concluSon that there was an lr»
Ipr in the printing; but this cuunn
llaii.ee, Itriking as it now terms, moft
probably cleaned attention, and from,
'his little Qvrriigbty have arifen all the
rotghy inifcbieVs that have flowed from
the (lander of the tities to Wsihiofton
property, tor hod this pitiful pt.-a, that
the contract wa* prior to the law, becu
(hewn at tl« firi* faWa, ta be antroe ii\
point of fad, there being nothing elfe?
to red a doubt upon, w- ih -uld have
heard nothing «b uit the Lie* of ths
comaiilllmeis without the authority of
law—nor cf the lrea.\rd of titles in.
W.'lhmgtun.
Aitef this it is to be hoped we flnll
hear no more of the claim* of the af
fignees, or others, on one third part of
the city of Wellington. At lealt i; is
to be expected that the affignees, who
have cit.incVi* to flake, and who muft
have o:en deceived, will no longer per
mit thrii name* to be proltitutcd to
countenance fuch claims—nor can thia
expectation be d.i'appointed, if tti-fe gen
tietrieu are jult to thrir own fame.
As I have know* for f-vcral week*, that
Mr. Gieenleaf was engaged in the bene
volent work of 11.nd.-riug the Tontine
title*, 1 thought it due to decency to
lufferthe progirft of that inttitution to
he fnfpendcdj Until an opp.>ru»;.ity cnuld
bofeiad to difiipate doubus. i fh II
■tw take my me.fu.e* to infure t.i it
the I'ucc.rf* it Merits, wlvch this devc
lopemcr. will m)fl).k,-ly acceterate.
BEX. STODDERT.
Georgr.-Towo, January 11,1805,
P. S. Thvfe Prtitt: is whj htve pub
lilhed the plan of tne Wh firing ton Ton
tiiii*, will much oblige nic by i.-Uuing
tlnr, and wiih it Mr. KJreiihe.tS notifi.
cation. B. S.
!)Y virtua of a writ of Venditioni Expo
-13 na* iflued from the Circuit court of the
diftrict of Coiamaia for the county of Wafh
ington, at the fuit o the Prefident directors
aid Company of the Bank of olumbia —
Wi Ihe rxpOted to puhlu lale for <- e ady cafe
r>n -he »tQ day of December next, it V/m.
Rhodes'* tavern in the city of Wafkington,
all the right, tirie, • iim and inteicil of
John P. Van Neft in Ami a the followiog
property, viz - L>U no 3 4 ,5 and 6in tij
no 491 Lot< no 9 , ,q ni,
Lot. no 4 5 6 and 7 in lq its an 5 6
789 ro II and ij in lq $3$ Lot no 1 m
f<] fouth o' fq no 461 Lot no 15 m q .a
878 no j 6 9 ,od 10 in fq no 874,,
Lot* no 5 7 8 9 10 .1 13 J4 15 17 18
and 19 in £q no jßc> Lot-110 910ia13 14
15 17 -ndiS in fqnosß7 Lot ij 4 j 15
16 17 i 310 »i and *» in tq 641 Lots no
I 1 3 4 5 6 and 7 in iq no 537 i,u» no »
and 3 in fq no 577 Lot no 3 in lq 00579,
Lot* no 1 a 3 4 5 and 6 in fq no 581 Lots
n• 1 nd 18 iii lq cß.j Lot n lin fq north of
fq 583 i ot* no \o 41 2% 25 24 jc %6 md
27 m fq fouth of .q no 643 Lot* no 1234
3 6 7 8 9 10 ti ia 13 14 ie iS 17 18
19 2o ai 22 »3 24 25 26 27 and 28 in
!q Eto&tj I ftl no a 8 and it in lq no 79a
Lu-.il 116 17 18 9 20 11 2t 43 24 25 :.nd
26 in lq n ■ 8:6 Lot* no 6 and 7 in fq no
»\6 Lot no 11 in lq no 3 7 v t and lot* no 13
14 ..nil rj in lq no 471 a* Lid down in the
r.'.vi of :he cir/of WafltingtOn—- The fale will
conun ;icc pracH'ety at \o o'clock
DA.NIKL <\ 3JS.KN., Mai feal.
October 29 —iawtf
|ILj™ Ihe sale of the above property is
postponed to the 30 /t djy offir'ua-y
r.e.vt, on whkii day the sale will cer
tain y commence precisely at \0
ccl ck. Set* 19 .«2