rOEI'HV.
“ UI'III r IT aCMVIXs UMl'KU,"
the’ I.OVEK’S ECHO.
One evening, as lately I stray’d by tlio wav*, >
While ihc tun iu his a a bed war linking to fust,
A sigh and a tho ight lu my heart dear i gave,
And thus told the secret lin t hlttiied i i mi liicust:
“//««•—lull alas! am I loved in return?”
When EcIij roponing, said—"’<• in return."
With rapt it re, I answered,—"toured daughter of air,
Thou hi. i brightened ruy mind vvi;b the light of thy up II,
Thou hunt streamed like u meteor of jn* o’et my rare,
And tenderly whwpored mo hope Aom thy eell.
Vet loll me, loan in • i I, if tbore’s true;>e*« iu man,"
?.o! Echo sighed snAlc—'“t.icrr’s trurur.-j in innn."
Out of breath, I e\claimo<l—"O, hut tell me of this,
And I’ll lordly behove it i- heaven that t hear;
O tell me, timu bntihtcr, tlioo handmaid of bliss,
t) toll if my lovei he warm mi I sincere:
Otoll me, I pray, if he’s fervent and true?”
Kind Echo made answer—“/tr's fcrrr.it ami true."
"Thanks, thanks, dearest Echo, for all I luvvo board,
And no « , ere we part, thy br.t tiding* expfm* :
’Tie tlio ‘lost time of s kine,’ .0 unit no* a word
'l hat is spelt with n V, with an E, and un M,
SMuit t vus be a '“idc/—toll me ijuick, ,Ve, or IVs.1”
And Echo, dear Echo, distinelty said •‘Vis.”
TiTTTtTME to"\VQ<>.
Go, When the smile of gladness
1* sporting on her lip,
When love, despite of sadness,
TiiC honey do as w*ill sip:
•ill, when the >UII doclinilh
To uerni’s li.juid hluc—
Go, when the pale moon rhineih
tJu Emily and y ou. •
Go, when the nmid is hushing
Tlio swoiling of the heart —
Go, when the maid is bhiihiug—
Go, when the tear-diops start}
Go, w hen tlio dove it cooing }
And ynt I dare not soy,
lint after all your wooing,
The answer nmy he, nr.
DOT18>TI€.
* utiMMu.vii'.-i t riiT
AMELIA MEETING.
At a very large meeting of the citizens of Amelia
county, held at tile Court-house, on Thursday, the ^7th
August, 1H36, for the purpose of taking into’considera
tion the movements now making in the Northern .Slates,
in relation to Slaveiy in the South, John F. Wdy, Esq.,
was, on the motion of Hodijah Meade, Esq.,<o«$lcd to the
Chair, and John H. Steger.on that of llenry Wood. Esq
appointed Secretary. The object of asseniblin »the peo
ple having been explained by the Chairman, Junius E.
l.eigh, Esq., addressed the meeting, und offered the fol
lowing Preamble and Resolutions, which were unani
mously adopted by separate vote on the Preamble und
each Resolution;—
The time has conic when we, the people of Amelia,
deem it inconsistent with our duly and our safety any
longer to hold our silence on a subject thrust on our re
luctant consideration by tnen who persist in agitating it.
with such a recklessness ot the fatal consequences its
agitation must bring on ourselves,as requires of us, w'rth
out delay, to declare that we consider these men our ene
mies, to denounce their malignity and to seek fot means
of protecting ourselves against designs, the most ne
farious ever conceived against the happiness of any com
munity, ami attempted to ho executed -by a mode of war
fare at once unparalleled, and justly terrible to the
contemplation of any, the bravest people Unit ever h id
rights to defend aiid enemies to resist. In making
this declaration wo are not giving vent to ungrounded
and pusillanimous fears, we are expressing the almost
unanimous conviction of the people, not only of our '
own State, but of the other Southern Slates of ahis Con
federacy, t hut a conspiracy is forming against -us-by a
large and ncontinunlly increasing portion of thc.ncople
of the N-.r'V -m States, which, it wo suffer it to .proceed
to its consummation, will rob us of our property and
overwhelm us in ruin—It is scarcely necessary for us to
say that we allude to the scheme of the immediate enian- I
ei pa lion of the Slaves of the Southern Stales. We have
witnessed the origin of such a scheme with astonish
ment, and we have observed its progress as fur us .t de
pends on the increasing numbei and resources of its pro
pagators, with concern, but with the honorable e.fncern
of men not aftuid to defend their rights, but deprecating
the necessity of a contest with enemii*3 whose vile
purposes are the more difficult to bo defeated, 'inas
much ns cowardice, which would be t/ie weakmert; of
any other enemy, constitutes their strength and secu
rity. We could resist valor with valor; but experience
hr.B not taught us to contend against a foe so different
from nil others as to be formidable from the very cause
that renders other foes contemptible. More titan two
years ago, we were told (hat this plot was fi rming against
our property and our lives—We did not believe it_we
could not believe that a preposition so monstrous as the
immediate emancipation of the slaves of’the South could
be favorably received by any, we will not say of en
lightened understandings, hut possessing simply sane
minds, along with the ordinary feelings of humanity._
Subsequent manifestations have undeceived u«_the
doctnno of immediate emancipation h is been assiduous
ly advocated and is now zealously supported by a,parly
in the Northern States, lar from inconsiderable'for its
numbers; thus adding another instance to the lamentable
proofs afforded by the history of mankind, that the
very absurdity of a doctrine, instead of always en
suring it* defeat, is often the cause of its successful
propagation ; for its advocates, too wary to submit it to
the decision of the judgment, insidiously inflame
and enlist the passions in its behalf, until they kin
dle a fanatical enthusiasm which, being sustained by
passion, not by reason, finds fuel to feed it in that numer
ous class of every community prone to feel rather than
to think On no other grounds can we explain the dif
fusion of n doctrine so preposterous, and it requires only
n pci ur.rti oi me writings ,>t uie leading advocates of Abo
lition, to be convinced that they have dismissed reason
from tins question, and endeavor to extend their doctrines
solely by recommending them to the religious and poli
tical prejudices ol those to whom they are addressed._
rim number of their pro-aiyles shows that they have
succeeded in exciting the fury of fanaticism, which their
blind followers as well as intelligent observers have mis
taken lor the conviction of reason; bur whilst the for
mer is unlike the latter in its influences on iiumiru con
duct, it ia also unfortunately unlike it in the superior ra
pidity with which it communicates from bosom to>bosoin.
But as to the increasing strength of the Abolition
party, let facts speak for themselves. From a num
ber loo small to uttract attention, the principal society,
which carries on its operations in the city of New York,
has increased to niuny thousands, whilst within llic last
two yt-ors, 250 auxiliary societies have been formed
throughout the Northern States, consisting of hundreds,
and some of them of thousands of members. The pe
cuniary resources of the society have enlarged with
even greater rapidity; for, it is its boas!, that it can-onm
inand funds of any required amount. And we would
ask, to what purposes are these funds applied? I,cl4lu:
answer be found in the number of agitators who are now
traversing the North to disseminate the principles of the
Abolition School, and to inflame the minds of the well
disposed of our Northern fellow-citizens against the p***
ple of the South, llut above all, li t the quesli m he an
swered by the multitude of incendiary publications,
which have of late been poured through the mail into
every Post Office of the .Southern country, and by the
feed emissaries, w ho, under various disguises, iiuinu*
n1e themselves into our Community, for the diaboliini
purposes of inciting our tiiaves to murder and rapine,
and the violation of our wives and daughters. And
who are these men who are thus industriously con
certing measures u> disport uu of our property, com
pensating u», as a consideration for it, w ith the car
nage of our citizens and the desolatbsi of our land?_
Where are they who, having declared their hostile de
signs, can be regarded by us only as enemies? They
are citizens of States—they are now residing under the
protection of the laws or the Slates, that not only pro
fens to Ire at amity with us. but ore associated with our
own State in a political Union, one of the grand ob
jects of which was, mutual and united defence against
the enemies, not only of the whole, but of any one
member of the confederacy. And yet, instead «f co
operating with us to lesisl these contemplated outrages on
our property ami our persons; instead of regarding, in
conformity with our obligations to us, those our cnemir s,
as a common enemy, they utiflV-r them to occupy undis
turbed their territory flora which, as Groin a vantage
ground, they discharge upon ns, jn the shape of pub
flection* from the press, missile* mote deadly than the
poisoned arrow. Not only lima do they connive at
their hostilities against us, but they afford them protec
lion by holding up between them and our veni'cance
the shield of their laws Mere let us pause—Disdaining
to address one word of nr^iinieut nr remonstrance t<,
the infuriated Demons who are conspiring agniust our
country, we would enquire of the w#||-disposed pen
pie of the North, who yet mil themselves not only our
friend* but follow-citizens, whether or not they intend
Co permit these' helbah machination* against os, to be
carried on within the limits of their territories and un
der the protection of their law* ? We osk this not in
deed in the spirit ol menace, hut of remonstrance—not
or remonstrance only, but of anxiety; f„r much depend*
on the yrachral answer we shall receive to It H> derm
it incompatible with their obligation* to us to tolerate
within the bosom of their society, conspiracies and me a
aure* against our happiness, and we frankly declare to
them, that we will consider the continuance of such to
leMtion to be inconsistent with friendly relation* be
Iween us, and as a proof of a disposition on their pait :
to promote the purposes of our enemies IVe know
■Of how to discriminate between enemies and the.r
protectors and abettor*. Our friendly follow-citizens ■
at the North give us no satisfactory answer to Ibis
remonstrance, when they remind us that the men
of whom we complain, are their fellow-citizens, and j
that they owe them *he protection of their Isws- we '
will *110004 this argument forever, by replying, that!
they thennelvc* as a cumin unity, hav* nr> right t > per- ■
petmte i*gain«t us the neta now in progrt ss nf »-\p- j
ctwiou,hy a portion » i their citizens; and that it follows 1
that what they cannot do us sovereign States, without ,
assuming the character of enemies to us, tln-y cannot
authorize, or wlnt is the name tiling. < aunot permit a
portion of their citizens to do.—What a State cannot do
in relation to other Staton, i*. is bound to restrain any of
its citizens from doin'*; auJ surely, the well disposed
people ol the .North will uul contend that they can,
through Congress, or in any other way, interfere in the
relaln-u between the master mid the slave of the South
—that they can dictate to Virginia the re-organization of
i her a. oiely, or a change in any article w lmtsoever of lier
reli re, list. That we have ever entertain
ed for the jicople of the No^licrn Stales of this Cohtrde
racy the most fiieudly regard, and that w e cherish and
estimate at a high value the Union we have formed with
them
Sml. That the object of uniting these States into a
confederacy, was to increase the security of the rights
and hven »>f the people of every |x>rtion of it.
itrd. That one of the rights which we possessed, when
, V irgin.a entered into the Union with the other States,
• was tiie right to hold our slnvca iu servitude—that wo
' valued and yet value the right very highly, and will
| never renounce it; and that mis right, ua well aa others,
received additional guaranty and was not intended to
he jeopardized hy coming into the Confederacy.
•I‘h 1 nnl no people but the people of this State, have
any light to discuss the question of Slavery in Virginia,
"'itli a view of inducing uciioii on that question.
t’th. That we have witnessed with astonishment and
j just concern, the origin and progress, in the Northern
, Slat, s of tin* U uiou, cf the doctrine* of immediate eu.an
I cipation —doctrines which we believe to he founded ill
i treasonable designs against our country, and to owe their
j Uillosion to the artful policy of their hypocritical advo
cates. who gain over to their scheme the unthinking, by
| insidiously appealing to their unenlightened sentiments
ol philanthropy, ami to then perverted sense of rciioiou*
duty.
I hat tins fanaticism, compounded of political
j uid religious madness, and excited against ns by vile in
i ceiidianes who se ek dir ruin, ought not to he met by ar
gurnml—Ibr it is deal' to reason, and that therefore it
i would be & perilous lolly to rely f.r its suppression
l on a free discussion of the doctrine* of emancipation,
i 7ill. Krxoivcd, therefore, That it is the duly ot the peo
: |»le cf I lie .Northern Iricmily diKposud lo us,
promptly to employ against the abolitionists other wea
pons th in those ol argument—that it is their duty ei
ther t« exjK'J them from the limits of their respect
ive States, or to silence them l»y legislative enactment*.
Mh. That our confidence in the friendly feelings of
i the people ol the North, induces us to believe that they
i will take vllbctu.il measures for the suppression of the
j abolition presses, which are now throwing their pubh
j cations, like firebrands, over the laud—tor we believe
that they, like ourselves, value the Union of the States,
and that they know the conditions which must be ob
served in order to preserve it.
htli. 1 hut wc will consider any attempt made in the
Congress ot the United Stales lo abolish slavery in the
District ot Columbia, or in the Territories, in the same
light with which wc would regard the Hist tread of n
hostile army on our soil; and us Southern men know
what would be their duty in the hitter event, so they
likewise know what it would lie in the former.
J That it be recommended to all the People of the
Southern States, to discontinue all trade wit/i the
in habitants of such of the Northern States, ns permit the
abolitionists to piint, publish or circulate any ot their
abolition production* in their State, unless they, in
: reasonable time, take strong measures lo prevent the
i printing and issuing of such publication*.
I I lit. I hat it is necessary ngidlv to enlorce the patrol
i law, and that the proper otiicers of the county be re
i quested to order out patrols ol’ discreet persons, and to
j make particular search among the slaves, and in their
j houses, Ibr publications of t lie Abolitionist.:; and if any
be found, to discover if possible, from whence and from
w hom they were obtained, mid to hriug the offenders,
black or white, before the proper olHcera of justice for
trial.
llodijili Meade, Esq., then offered the following reso
lution. which was unanimously adopted :
litsulctd, That however great tiie advantages result
ing to us from a Linen with the North, yet v\e shall un
hesitatingly, though leluclanity, forego them all, rather
Mtan submit to its interference' with this, our peculiar
interest. r
The following was proposed by William L. Booker,
L.*q :
heaolced, 1 hat our Senator, John \V. Nash, Esq., and
our RcprcMnUlivo in the legislature, Jolm Y. Wily,
I ^‘“4 * ufc hereby requested and instructed to use their
; best ellurts in the next General Assembly, to resist by
. legislative enactment, the ellorts now being made by a
i body 01 people called tin* American Abolition Society,
j in .1 manner best calculated to urrest their dangerous
machinations. Unanimously adopted.
Join; '( Eeigh, Esq., then auhniitted the following :
litsu'ctti, That the delegation in Congress from The i
slave-holding Slates f specially, and from ail others friend
ly to the per pi tuity of the Union, ought to refuse to dis
i cuss the Abolition question on the lloor of Congress, and
| i! tlie majority ofCongress vole its discussion “that then
j the delegate trom this district is hereby instructed, as far
as this meeting cau instruct him, to vacate his sent and
return home—and that all the delegation from the South
, orn States, and from those friendly (p |Jie .South, be re
quested to do the same, and aid the people in preparing to
meet tile crisis. Adopted; ouly two ilis.-eiilmg voices.
Captain Edward Eggleston, an old revolutionary cha
racter, moved that the newspaper called the Enianciha
I lor. published by tlie Abolitionists, (which was exhibited
; to the meeting by Mr. J E. Ei igh, during his address to
! the people,) lie publicly burnt; which resolution was car
t fit d by acclamation.
By Ji. lVJeade, Esq.
/<eaolctil, That the Chairman lie, and is hereby direct
ed Io appoint a Committee of Vrgilance, whose duty it
shall be to watch over the public safety, and search out
all persons concerned in disturbing tlie public peace, anil
to examine for ult ]iiiblicalioiis oi an inflammatory na
j ture—whereupon, a Commiltee was appointed, consist
| ingot the following gentlemen, to wit: Edward E"He
ston, Thomas T. Giles, John |\ Bolling, Wiliiani S.
Archer, Richard Booker, A. W. Green, Alaj. Alex, .-ti
len, Benj. Bridgforth. Filer Burton, \\ illin.i Gregory,
F. ibius Luivacn, David Malien, Robert E. Jones, Rev.
P C. Joues, R< v. Warren Marshall, Rev. Fa-el,ai
G. Townes, Rev. James Chappell, Rev. William liub
i bard, Thomas E. Jeter, John Baldwin, Joe) C. Fostr r,
> 1 hoinus Goode, Col 'J Jinhi.is W. Webster, Alaj. il'jito
pli.l Je t. r, Tiioniis Wily-, Alex. B. Walthall, John T. I
j Jeter, Cant. George C. Alo ore, Arinistead T. Tow lies,
1 John T. Leigh, A If. O. Eggleston, Rich d H. lira/., al,
II. I Earns, I>r. Abner Nat.ii, Gro. W. Foliard, tlodi
jah Meade, Stokes '£pnslell. Dr. Meuux, Pr. II. W. Ro
bertson, James Bolt, Mat. Allen, Win. II Wilison, Tbo*.
C Wilison, Seth W. Jones, Edward Worsham, William
Worshiiin, Austin Seay, William G. Booker, Junius E
l.eigh, Wilham .1. Jimksdale, Rev. Archer Webster,
Thuddeus Jones, Edgar Jones, Thomas D. Worsham,
.Mnj. John U . i osii r. Col. John ‘1'. Bottom, llenry
Wood, John C. HiII, Francis F. Jones, Fink D. Booker,
Edward Green. And on motion of Mr. Meade, the
(. hairman and Secretary were sdded to the Committee—
the Chairman of this meeting, to be Chairman of the
Committee.
On motion of Capt. George C. Moore,
lirsolrcil, That copies of the foregoing Preamble and
Resolutions be signed by the Chairman and Secretary,
and transmitted to the Editors of the Richmond Whig
and Enquuer, lor publication; and that nil Editors in
this State or elsewhere, opposed to the machinoUon!i of
the Abolitionists, be requested to copy the smite in their
re*tieclivc papers. JOHN F. WILY, Chairman.
j Jon.v 11. Htkgi h, Sirrtlury.
... COMMVJrtCATRD.
MEETING IN IIA NOV EH.
At Hanover Court-house this iifith day of August,
(being court day,) the citizen* present were invit
ed, without sny regard to party distinction, to assemble
t>>r the purpose of expressing their opinions in rt-lali»n u»
the movements of the Northern Abolitionists. Instantly
j the Court-house was thronged, (the court having ad
journed for the purpose of holding the meeting,) Col.
| Charles P. Good all was called to Hie Chair, and Philip
II Winston, tiie Clerk of the county, appointed Hi-cre
i tary.
j On motion of Kdmund Fontaine, Ksq., the Chairman
i appointed the following gentleiuen, to wit:
| Kdinund Fontaine, Joseph M. Sheppard, p.„ke Street
I Charles I lioiupsou, ir , Win. L White, Joseph F Price
Ezekiel S 1 alley, liirhar<! F. Darracolt, IfeetoT Davis
Charles M. Gabrn y, Win. F. Wiekhsin, 'J homai Dos-’
w ell, Jesse Winn and ft« ubeii Meiedilh, a Committee to
pr-p.ue resolutions for i bo consideration of 1h<* meeting.
On motion of Cflpl Thompson, the Chairman and Pe
cretary were added to the Committee—who retired for
a short, time, und, through their Chairman, reported the
foMowing Preamble and Ivvsolulious, which were unani
moii.ily adopted:
Whereas many of the citizens of the Nirthern fJtntcs
have united themselves into societies, with the avowed
ohj. Cl Ol effecting the abolition of slavery in the other
State* of this Union, und lor this pnrpcc, h ive publish
e<! and eifcuiafed, and nr*- now attempting to circulate,
i nrn' nJf ^ Mack population of this und other slave-hold
I pamphlets and prints of the basest and laNcsl
| character, stimulating our now contented slave* to re
. be.lion against their lawful and humane masters, exoil
j ing them to deed* of the most horrible character, and
U*tiding ultimately, but inevitably, to produce the over
throw of otir happy Government, accompanied with all
the unutterable evils of a civil and servile wat: And i
whereas we leek upon tin* diabolical interference with
Ute interests and happiness of our community, with but |
on* sentiment of tho d* * post reprobation, and the most '
determine,! opposition: Amt for the purpose, therefore, I
of convincing our Northern brethren that they are sen- I
tur.nif on dangerous ground—(list they sic blindly pro
sent mg a lore* that will cau** an explosion, involving
alike their own destruction as well a* ours—
Jet. fUsn/cn/, that feeling a common interest in re
sisting the mischievous movements of our Northern
brethren on this subject, we will not permit political or
any other consideration* to divide u», but will present an
unanimoita, unbroken phalanx of temperate, but firm and
resolute opposition.
b'd That we fe*| fully eompefent to protect our
selves against these invader* of our right*, when they I
come within our limit*, and it i* our fixed purpose t» Jo 1
Hut we think ll* l^ewmlaturee of onr slater States are
i,totally ami politically nooud to rejuesi wiiiuo their
limit*, the f.rst appearance of encroachment on our
right*.
yd. That we cannot r*cognixt» the slightest ahadow of j
apology, founded either in religion, llUiuauitv, patriotism,
devotion to lihei ty, or any other virtuous principle, which |
can justify the measuic* to which the Northern Aboli- j
tiotiist* :cre now reporting; and if there was no olln-r rea
son to tori'id it, their total ignorance of the condition of*
our slaves is sufficient to command their alienee, and re- I
strict their interference with <nir domestic relations.
dili That cur Delegate from this counlv »i d Senator j
fioin tiii* District, aie In retry instructed,'aa far a* this
meeting con instruct them, t<> use tli^ir best exerlims to
procure the passage of such penal law* as will rffectuully
prevent the agents of tire Abolition Societies from com
ing within the limits of our State.
util. That in the opinion of this meeting, whenever
the Congress of the United Slates shall interfere in any
manner with the slave property of any one of the Slate*
now in this Union, nr which may hereafter be admitted, 1
or any of the Territories, or the District of Columbia, we
"Hall regard such interference us a signal for a dissolu
tion of ihe Union.
till Thai the Merchants of this anil the other slave
holding Stale*, he requested to discontinue all inter
course in the way of trade, with the Northern Merchant*
who countenance ti u Abolitionist* m their unlawful in
terference with our rights.
?>li I hat our fbllow-cilixcns in the other counties of
the Stale, ho recunum tided to express their •-pinions ua
n - rvi clly on this subject.
8th. That u copy of these resolution* be sent to the
Editor* of the Whig and Knquirer, with a request that,
they will publish them.
CIIAIU.E3 P. GOOD ALU, Chairman.
Philip P. VVixstos, Srcretury.
Lynciiiurr, August 31, IslC*.
Anotiijk Arrtst.—A gentleman from Lexington,
Va. informs us that on tlie 22d inst., tin* orderly citizens
of that little village were thrown into n state of no little
excitement, by tlie arrival of n man whom rumor had
designated as an active and influential Abolitionist from
the North—no less a personage than Janu s F. Otis, Kmj.,
a distinguished lawyer of Portland, Maine, and co editor
of a paper printed in that place. It appeared that Mr.
Otis had been to the Virginia Springs, and while on
his return homewards, in the Stage, had indulged the
“unruly member" with no little freedom, on tTie Abo
lition question. lie was understood to have as
serted, iu allusion to the rewards reported to have
been offered in the South for Tappan and his leading as
sociates, that the Southern people were “all wind"_
that, if Tappan iV Co. should come among us, we would
be glad to take oil' our hats to them, instead of arresting
and punishing them—and asked, if we were so eager to
seize Abolitionists, why he was permitted to travel un
molested among us—that he professed their sentiments,
was a leading member of their Society, u'tcndcd Anti
Slavery Conventions, made Abolition speeches, &c.,
und was as ready- as they to suffer martyrdom iu the
cause '. As soon as these facts were made known in
I Lexington, a gentleman of that place, (being led further
to suspect Mr. Otis, from the fact, that, in going to the
Natural Bridge, he had refused to leave liis trunk be
* hind, as his companions iu the trip li id done.) applied to
f several magistrates to procuie a warrant to apprehend
and search him—a'l of whom declined, iu the absence of
a specific charge, to grant the warrant, until thev were
at length assured that Judge Lynch would take tlie mat
ter in bis own hands. A warrant was then obtained.
As soon as the company returned to Lexington from
the Bridge, the carriage was surrounded by an excited
multitude; ami Mr. Otis, perceiving the unpleasant pre
dicament in which his imprudence,—to call it by no
harsher name—had involved him, endeavored to allay
the storm he had excited, by declaring that his senti
ments had been wholly misunderstood—that he had, it
was true, his own peculiar notions upon the subject of
Slavery; but, that, since he had visited the South, lie was
poriectly convinced that abolition was utterly impracti
cable; end that the Slave popul ition were in a better con
dition than tin- while laboring classes of the North -- that
he admitted that the exclusive control of the whole mut
ter was vested in the South,and denied that the non-slave
holding Suites had any right whatever to interfere with it'
He made, indeed such strenuous protestations of his in
noccnce of all evil design, and these protestations being
supported, upon an examination of bis person and bag
gage, bv the absence of all tangible evidence of the con
trary, that, notwithstanding several persons iu the crowd,
not entirely satisfied, were iu favor of Lynching hi in j
lie was. by llu- active exert on* of others, and the gene
ral repugnance ot the community to punish, except upon
the clearest evidences of guilt, permitted to go nrucathed.
It is proper to observe hero, that, Mr. Otis urgently
j requested that no publication should be made of The af
! fa'r—or ot least that his name might he concealed; and,
i'i order to save his feelings, it was so promist d. But
two or three da^'s after his departure froin Lexington,
the Richmond Luquirer, of the 21sf, was received at that
place, containing an extract from flu* Jirgu.i, printed in
1’orlhnd (Mr. O s place of residence.) stating that he
has ‘•long been a furious J}nti-S!azety udeocutt; has de
| hvered public addresses on the subject, attended Con
ventions, and disseminated, so fur us his public in
| Huencc extended, the disorganizing and detestable prin
| cqilcs of that crew of fanatics ’—and warning the
| people of the elouth to be <>n their guard against him—
thus confirming the character given by himself of
hinisell in the Stage, when he was so eager for the crown
of martyrdom, but which he found it convenient to deny
when tlie said crown glittered before his terrified vision
This extract, the gentlemen who promised Mr. Otis to
I conceal his name, consider absolves them from that
I pledge—and they therefore feel at perfect liberty to hold
him up to tf.c detestation oi tin* South, as a dangerous
incendiary, and to the scorn of the Abolitionists thcni
selves, a a das tardly deserter i>f his principles. The g» n
tler.inn was lucky in leaving Lexington before the F.n
eiiircr reached that place. Had it preceded him, he
would, we ure assured, have been inevitably Lynched—
a fate from wh.ch his talents and his personal rcspccla
i bilily, so far from exempting him, would only have ren*
| dered more certain.
lie deeply regret the state of feeling which the oc
currence of such scened hut too plainly indicate : lie
file consequence.-’ on (hose fanatics who have excited it.
i hey who sow tin- wind must not complain if they reap
the whirlwind.— Vi~giniun.
' Mosit.r., August 21, 1835.— The chip Warsaw, Capt.
Thatcher.from New York,arrived at this port yester
day, having on board, as passengers, four persons of col
or—two nu n and two women. Tire laws of Alabama
prohibit, under suitable penalties, tire immigration offree
negroes to this State, and the ordinances of Ibis City
are equally strict in prohibiting tiieir introduction within
its corporate limits. These individuals were therefore
taken into custody by the municipal authorities. An
examination of their baggage and eilecU led to the dis
covery ol a parcel of incendiary newspapers published
under the auspices of Tappan, or some of his infernal
crew, and the impression became somewhat gonernl that
they were the accredited agents of this fiend of mia
ciuef. I lie Committee of Vigilance was convened, and
utter an examination of the papers, and a full considera
tion of nil tin; facts and circumstances that could be eli
cited, the following resolution was adopted and ordered
tube published:
Hcjtilml, T luita sub-committee of four be appointed to
act m concert with Die municipal authorities on the aub
j. cl of the arrival in this city, in the ship Warsaw, Capt.
1 batcher, Iroin New ^urk, of tour colored persons, in
w hose possession inflammatory printed papers were found,
| and that in the utcan time tire said persons be kept in
! sale custody.
i The gentle-men composing the sub-committee, were
Judge Hale, Judge Lipscomb, Duke Goodman, and T.
I Hanford.
! The Committee called on his Honor the Mayor, and
learned limn him that the individuals in question had al
ready been dealt with under the City ordinances, and that
t.icy were in close confinement. VVhal measure* may bo
j Copied "> reference to the final disposition of them will
i depend mainly on further developments. We miy add.
; however, that they will probably be rent back by the vessel
in which they made their unlawful voyage. It is iml
against such miserable instruments of iniquity as these,
Unit tin- indignation of the South is awakened. It is
the mnster spirits of the conspiracy, the Tappans, the
miliums, the Garrisons and the Thompsons that must
be made to ft el their resentment Their infamous ca
reer must lie arrested TIk* excit* d, the deeply injured
tbe generous South, placing themselves «* „ne man on’
Urn defensive, Will wait lire action of tin ir enlightened
brethren of the North, confidently expecting their
prompt Legislative interposition. The protection of a
gang of fanatic vagabonds in any portion of i.ur com
mon country, inciting the *.!uv< s to insurrection is not
to hr tolerated, permitted or excused.
The d igger must be wrested from the hand of the as
salvia,and the means of'punishment commensurate with
tbn enormity of his off* nee inuat be provided or this
glorious Union, Which is clung to with such a holy ardor
ol attachment, will be dashen into fragments, regardless
of v. h*u-ver evil consequences mny ensue. These re
iu«rkr are not to be considered merely as the evidence ol
excited feeling. • We make them with the thorough con
viction, that they are founded in the deliberate t;nd un
alterable determination of the entire Huutli. They con
sider their property in their slave population, os beyond
trie t ;{ht of any earthly power to question. It is *,>.
. fnnly guaranteed to them by the compact that makes
ns one nation, and any intermeddling with it on the part
of the non-alaveholding Hta!***,i» not only a palpable in
fraction, b it a virtual annihilation of the Federal Con
(dilution.-—/’r^/sfsr.
Mon* Law I5nr. wuso.—- We arc informed, from good
authority, that two or three persons were seised in Yiriya
villr, two nr three days ago, implicated in the abduction
of some negroes, and w ere parsed through the ordeal of j
(the now omnipotent) Jinlyc Lynch, to the great gratili
cation of the citizens. Oar informant slates that the of- I
renders were most shockingly whipped.
(Cintinnati Whig, of If*//#.
N/.w Osir xss, August 14.
We understand by a gentleman who arrived yesterday
from Baton itouge, that forty or fifty negroes had been
arrested, under a charge of being conv -rued in an in
tended insurrection Several white m**n ,we engaged
with the negroes, their urine*are known and the militia
are in pursuit of them—they are doubtless by this time
arrested.
One of MurelPsgang was hung nt ('linlon, La., on
Tuesday last, under the sentence of Judge Lynch He
h id live hundred dollars of counterfeit notes upon him.
[/rue .‘lixtricuri.
Funeral honors were paid by the town of Lynchburg
t«» the Ir.te Chief Justice M ah'oiai.i., on Friday last. A
civic, masonic, and military procession, at tin* appointed
hour, escorted the officiating Clergy and the Orator tu
the Methodist Episcopal Church, where, after an appro
pri ite prayer, by the Kov. Win. S. lleid, a l>e:iutiful and
elrujoent Eulogy was pronounced by the Itev. F. G.
Smith, occupying ubout Italfan hour in its delivery.—
The Eulogy was followed by a hymn adapted to the oc
casion, and the exercises of the day were closed by a
fervent address to the llitonc of grace, offered up by the
Rev. II B. Cowles. 1
We have now in this country u son of the Prince of
Orange. A son of Louis Philippe, the Prince tie Join
ville, is daily expected nt this port. V ice Admiral
Sir George Cocitburn, Lord Valentin, the celebra
ted traveller, Lord Joeelyn, Miss Simms, und a se
lect party of fashionables, are hourly expected nt Que
bec, from Halifax, to make a tour to Niagara.—,Y» V.
Cott.
FROM THE CAPITAL OF FRANCE.
Extract nf a letter from 1‘aris, da tnl July 24.
The Fourth of July tvascelebrated in ilic French Ca
pital as usual by Americans, who assembled at a large
Saloon in the Bois de Boulogne.
A magnificent dinner, a la Francaise was sci ved up,
toasts given, omitting, of course any allusion to the lute
unhappy dillerences between tho two coun'rics. We
had an rr and a present member of Cot)gross, Mr. Wildi:
and Col. Whitk. The former has gone t * the Rhine,
to tube the Usual tour o( Germany und Switzerland. 'I he
latter (Col. \V ) has gone to Spam, in see the dons, und
to eel papers f.r his history of Louisiana and Florida.
I liad a con versa lion with a French Minister yester
day, in which lie spoke with unufTected regret at the
difference between France and tho United States, and
expressed the greatest solicitude that it should be termi
nated honorably und satisfactorily to both nation*.
Me says, that tile President nnd his Ministers, Con
gress n ltd their constituents, must see that the King and
his Ministers acted in good faith and loyalty in tbeexc
cution of die Treaty, that they made it a cabinet resolu
tion, the Ministers having hazarded their commissions,
and claims, upon its success. They desire nothing hu
miliating from the United Slates. They know them too
well to expect it; but that, as llieir conduct in the end
must have satished us that they acted in good faith,
4 'judging tin tree by its fruit," they expect such a publi
cation from the public authorities of tlu* United States—
merely to say, that the President is satisfied that the
King’s government adhered to the Treaty, and acied in
good fait!) in urging its execution.—-V. 1'. Daily Adv.
raiO PROFESSORS AND MEN OF SCIENCE.—
Ja. An election of a Professor of Chemistry and Na
tural Philosophy in William & Mary College, Va., will
be made on the 7 th day of October. Gentlemen who
may desire the situation will present their Testimonials
, on or before that day, or may have them presented by
| directing them to the undcnfgned, nr to the Rev. A.
i Ktnpie, IV t)., President of William & Mary College,
, Williamsburg, V u. The emoluments are a fee of twen
ty dollars from each student in each clnss; and a salary
of one thousand dollars, which, as it depends upon an
income arising from lands, debts, and stock, though it
is considered to be ultimately good, is not always punc
tually paid ad diem. J. PAGE,
Hector of ll’illiaut 4* -Vary College.
The friends of William A- Mary are assured that the
inteiest of the College will not Ik? neglected, nnd that
an able course of lectures may be expected.
J. P., H of IV. 4- M. C.
_ _N. B. Tho Gluhe, Natioa&i Intelligonoor, tVuihitigtoaj N. V. I
Tine s, .Vow lluveii llitrnhl, and Ho-ton C'eiitinel, nr« roqup.lotl
lo lusi-it Ilia above till I t <l tolu-r,—and *ta.i thnir accounts lo IM
•nund t'hrblian, liurnar of the College, at Richmond.
Sept. 1. (14_
A I LAC• IKK WANTED.—The subscriber, resid
' ing in Fairfax county, Va., tvitliin about 10 miles
of Washington City, and at a perfectly healthy situation,
wishes to employ a private Tutor in his family, to take
charge of the education of five or oix children. To one
who can come satishictorily recommended ns to charac
ter. and qualification to teach the Latin mid Greek Lan
guages. English Grammar, Reading, Writing, Geogra
phy, Arithmetic, Algebra and tbs higher branches of
Mathematics, an adequate salary will be given.
Prompt application lind better be made, as it is desi
rable tiiut the school commence on the first of October
next- [July 31.*-23—tlO] R. C. MASON.
B7HOR SALE—The Ji vi Rid Tract of Land (the late
residence of Elizabeth W. Dvane, dcuensed,) lying
j in tin- county of Cumberland, within one mile of tho
’ town of Ca ira, (from which there is a good nnvign
tion at all seasons of the year to Richmond.) containing
rive hundred and fifty or sixty acres. It is believed li w
highland Farms, in Middle Virginia, not more extensive,
possess greater advantages than this. To the agricul
turist, it holds nut high prospects of reward for his indus
try—to the wealthy gentlemen of the lower country, a
pleasant retreat in summer, surrounded by many agreea
ble nnd intelligent neighbors. Mr. Henry Page” who
resides on the premises, will take pleasure in allowing
the land to those desirous of purchasing.
For terms of sale, apply lo the subscriber in Richmond,
or to Mr. Maurice I., ilobson of Cumberland.
'111 OS. J. DEANE, Administrator.
j July
Q_> ' The above sale is postponed until Monday the fith
| of October next, when it will positively lake place.
August 23. [32—lot] T. J. D., Administrator.
jj UNA WAYS.— Ran awny from Mr. Robert Payne,
3 ft on the night of the fifth inst., in the upper edge of
Buckingham county, two Negro fellows, A.mihkw and
Jim. Andrew waa purchased by Mr. Payna of Peter
O. Cosby, in Richmond; he is said to he about twenty
five year’s of age, five feet eight or ten inches high, and
will probably weigh about itifi pounds; In; is & brown
mulatto, straight and well made, with no marks or scars
recollected; lie had small wh.akers, and lias a gap jn his
upper or under teeth; lie wore a wliilo fur hut when he
Icii; lie had u variety of clothing.—Jim was purchased
ot Walter llenly, near IJrbnnna, in Middlcscx county,
and isabout 10 years old; lie is very black, and about
the height of Andrew, a stout, coarse made fellow, and
will weigh 1SG or DO pounds; his nose is very much
sunk between the eyes,and is very broad at the end; he
had an old pair of jean pantaloons, and a pair of coarse
linen ditto, and an old jean round-about, and a chip hat.
We are informed that Andrew has a wife in I’. Edward
! county, and may be lurking about in that county. We
| have no idea that Jim will leave him. Any person that
i will deliver them to us, in this place, or secure them in
I any Jail in this State, so that we can get them, shall be
i handsomely rewarded, and nil necessary expences paid
GOODWIN & TEMPREMAN.
Richmond, June IG. 12_tf
NlJM.Mi.ii ARRAN OEM ENT for Steam its to
Washington and Baltimore.—The new,swift-sailing
' and excellent Steam-boat Chesapeake, will take passen
| '^ers from the Patrick Henry for the above places, on
Wednesday* and Sundays in the Hampton Roads.
J. WILSON, Contain.
April 21 __ 114—tf
■ •ILLKT8, BILLETS.— 1 wish to purchase, deli
-HJw verable at the Penitentiary, between forty and fif
ty thousand flour barrel billets. For twenty thousand,
delivered immediately, say by the 1st of July, (next
month,) I will pay $tl7 per thousand.
TIIOS. G. MONCURE,
Juno IG. [12— ] Gen. .Ignit Ptnilintiury.
RAIL K* >' l) ( ONI R \< fORS I
P will be received at Hicks' Ford, Greensville .aun
ty) Virginia, on the 2lsi day of September, for, the exca
! vation, embankment twid masonry of about fifteen miles
ot the Greensville and Roanoke Rail-road, commencing
I at the intersection of said Rail road with the Petersburg
. Rail-road.
Plans and Profile* of the line will be exhibited, and
| all other information afforded, on application at the Kn
* ginrer's Office at Dicks' Ford, one w eek previous to the
letting.
i Recommendation* will be expected in all cases in
! which the Contractor is not known to the Engineer.
CHARLES it. M. GARNETT, Engineer.
Augii.t ?.». :j2~ll lihS
' %TEW LINE OF POST GOACIIES from Rich
1 w v ond to f'hartoVcsttlU—in fine style, and xrith the
requisite sored uad comfort.—Fare reduced to $4 only,
instead ot $.'> CO, tlie present rate. For scats or infir
matioii. apply at the Hell Tavern, in Richmond, and Col.
Wards Hotel, in Charlottesville. Day* of departure,
from Richmond and Charlottesville, Sundays, YVcdncs
dfi*'s and Friday*. WM. SMITH.
1 ’ II 20.-tf
l&TOTiCR.—Having hum c.onnceter I with Ur. J-.lm P.
1>I Mettauer, in the practice of Physic and Surgery,
for the last ten or twelve months, and having enjoyed
the advantage of aiding him in all of hi* important Hur
go;: I operation* during that time and a year previously,
w hile I was a student of id*, | t,ke this method of ten
dering iny service* to the People oftliis part id Virginia,
in a Surgical capacity, as Dr. Mettauer will h ave this
pl ice in a short time for Baltimore. To those persons
w ho reside in the vicinity of Prince Edward Court-house, I
I rt spetlfully tender my service* in the various branches’
«>f my profession, vix:— Surgery, Midwifery, Dentistry !
and the practice or Physic—at the same tone returning j
thr mu rny acknowledgment* for the lihrrni patronage 1 !
have already received—ami I hope from unremitting at
tention, to continue to merit their favors,
, . , HEN J F TERRY, M I)
I rince Edward C. II., Sept. 4, 1M.‘E». 3G- w lw
<tllAKI)K8 K. MILLER, inform* bis friend* that he
J ha* just opened an Apothecary Store, at ft,,. „• lll(j
formerly occupied n*such, by Mr.' Goddard, one door
above the Mansion House, Main Street, Richmond He
w»M keep a supply of Drug*. Chemical*, Paints, Oil*,
Dyestuff* and Ola**, and in a few week* expect* to have
an assortment of Surgical Instrument*, of the best man
ufacture. Order* from country Merchants and Physician*
are respectfully solicited. 3
July 17 21 liftf
I
Tkiim*.—-Board per week, for Ladies nr.d Gentlemen $7 00—Do. by the day
£! UG—Children, Servants and Horses, half price.
hi
~ a
-3 J
it
“ j = _= = .5 ef'i7.S - x
i ,i X .C — 5. - k. C'=«*J
z 5.x # l 3 3 * caaI'-zZ*
i 9-5^ £ tit N 5
3 w u5 -c c-4 x: > t
i a. fa !4 5 *< *5
V »* n Z s .C -a r C .5
5 — S x. ® -a -a S* £ c , u 1c 5
££-£*.5c‘=~rt ~3
r~± - *
- «— - _ >. .-. ' •- a ^
s
s
«J
&
o
a-C?
s 2 ? t H i1"* ?-- ;*5i
S-'S-S.?*! ■ ? ~ r- r= „ S*
= •“ g g f-.a*S *4 . ef i
£ ? g-r^a c
— i s£.j ? J s t Ja
g - - s 13 «i>435 c - 5
2-^? * ->r«3 —
^2
V
IS •
s
c"
.2
P •• 3 a!
V S £ c i - i x
1 S.*- = ,£ - .*. “-2 i J £ *
"Z c > '> b * w u = a“'5’* = .2
t». S-£ 5 5 « .2 S.-*.-* 5^*
2 3 a3" " “ c v <5 c ■£ c 3
V C n t* * '* cfl^ K x.
«xs.y_ i s? „ o
v .t; •„ a - 12 cf * c * ;*. -= S
5 -}S ? 4 = <^Z ^rt£- _ 3 "S
tfr- a-S _ s.s.S ,• 7 f a a
. v-.kZ ai* 5-2^3
3 J t-3 - >.i 1 gi ^Hl
SfiSBe * CT3 * *
ri; i i &_tcao_=*'»;-S
£ £.S 4-g3 1.2
u VclC^
= -dc i‘,L=3=*U£s
rt ..-t s s" s r * I •£ s &
«1=;-SesSsS-ts
,E*:-=£-=t»c. „ s 5a o :
■E !ts5t2 n.i S I g s 5.
S §£•§ ..ijs; a tf-a 1
— >.:. »> = -^ j£ ~ £ "3 ii S e _
| J l|
*S-g£ U=--?-a a >3 *3
Jaar^M'si ■iiJ'ji
O •■ S f* « £ -8* 3 v1 r c > "3
3S£-5 5-S°r5
S c-i ? i £•- g -J &-'5
_ f— i, “*• 5 ^ 9 /i B
. •£ u .. vT > J1 « 1/
t-i_ . S' .*■ - a i > ij
c — 3^;"® 3 *4 v — ^ c C'5'?
2'a-555iS^«Be"3
“c'c~^_-rr3tfc5-:l3S
a .» r 1. E g xi= -a 2 3 g g d
,= ao3 I €.5 “S 1^1 c-J{
r.3M’i E tL=- S. 6 IflflS
£i ,S < .£ r/; < A 5h ^
NhTONPLUS will make his first season in America
lx at :Ay “True-Blue Plantation" in fc>t. Matthew s
Parish, 30 miles below Columbia, in the State of South
Carolina.
This stillion was imported by myself, last Fall; and
for bis pedigree, and performance whilst on the English
turf, sec tile sixth number, vol. lilli, of Skinner's Ameri
can Turf Register, for February, 1H35. Nonplus was
bred by Mr. Burton, gotten by Cattas, (a favorite son
of Golutnpus, by Gohanna.) and was foaled in the Spring
of 1*21. It will be seen by reference to Ids pedigree
and the Racing Calendar, that he is nearly allied with
the best blood of England, and whiieon the course, beat
many of the finest horses of his day; among others,
Lord Fitzwilliams’ Mulatto, (half brother to Nonplus,
and for whom four thousand guineas were offered, and
refused;) the celebrated horses Granby and Medora;
Lord Kilburne's Purity and Acteon ; Vanish, Camellia,
and Tnrrme; and Laurel and Popsv, (celebrated .. .ns of
1! lack lot Iff) Nonplus probably sold for more money in
England, than any horse ever imported into America—
having been purchased when three years old, by the
Luke of Cleveland, nt three thousand guineas. His
colour is a rich bay, with black legs, mme. and tail, and
no white, except his two bind boi ls. Ik* is 5 toot 4 f-ii
inches high, with great muscular power and compact
ness; clean limbs, and fine action. He in remarkably
docile, and finely tempered, though very animated, lie
deservedly ranks amongst the stallions of the highest
character,atid is now in fine health and condition." For
the estimation in which he is held by the subscriber, be
will only remark, that he has put to him this season all
his finest marcs. In consequence of the great number
of fine imported horses recently brought into the coun
try, the terms of the present season will be very low—
only, payable when the season expires, and £1 to
the groom.
Mares fed for 30 cents a day, and eve ry attention paid
to them, but no liability for accidents.
BICfi'L SINGLETON.
R. Carolina, April 21. llf>_tf
fJIO THE MERCHANTS OF RICHMOND.
Jo. JAMES S MAHON, embraces this opportunity
to express his sense of gratitude to merchants, dealers,
nnd the public, for the very liberal patronage extended
to him. and to invite attention to bis unequalled and
inimitable
iliallnigc
An article in every point of view, infinitely superior to
any thing of the kind manufactured either in Europe or
America, i lie nianufncluicr bus in his possession, (and
will take pleasure in shewing) irrittrn trslhnonials, ex
pressive of the high opinion entertained of his CHAL
LENGE BLACKING, by hundreds of merchants and
others who have tested its merits. It is ari elfectunl
preservative of the leather; is the cheapest blacking in
i *he market; affords* a beautiful polish, with one quarter
the usual labor; will retain its virtues in any climate, and
is warranted not to mould. The manufacturer offers a
reward of $K>d, (<>ra superior composition in any ofthc
1 requisites of blacking.
Orders for exportation promptly executed,
fix’ An agent, who can give respectable reference in
Philadelphia, is wanted for the city of Richmond.
Manufactory, !>5, Call .whill Ht., a few doors below 3d,
north side, Philadelphia. [32—StJ August 25.
KEYSVIliLE FOR SALE.—Anxious of leading
a retired life, I oiler for oale this eligible and
healthy situation, 10 miles east of Charlotte Court
House, 80 miles from Richmond, (»0 miles from Lynch
burg, (JO from Petersburg, and HO below Danville, situ
ated nt the junction of f> public roads, which makes it
■* lor public business ns any in Virginia.
The I’ract contains 4-V> acres, most of which is in wood,
having on it a large Tavern house, with the advantage
of a most excellent well ol water, so constructed with
a pump as to make it convenient both to the Tavern
and stable. On the premise* nre several private houses,
I suitable for mechanical and professional men, together
with n good store house, it being a first rate stand for
mercantile business. Also, two wheelwright shops and
two smith shops. I here can be no better stand found
for either of the above occupations. The stand as n
Iavern is well known to travellers and western traders,
nnd on the whole there can be riu situation more desira
ble than Keysville for any gentleman wishing to engage
in public business. There arc also on the premises a
VVool Carding Machine nnd Cotton Gin. well fixed in
a spacious house, and in pood order, ilotli of these
machines enn always get employment during the season
for carding. For the last 3 years, this machine has card
ed GOCO lbs. wool each season.
A parcel of land included in the above, running up to
Keysville, having on it a dwelling house, wheelwright
and 8iniHi s shop would he sold separately, if desired.
1 lie terms of sale will he made accommodating, as J am
on,nosed to live a private life, if not sold privately on
or before the loth day of October next, it will he offered
on that day publicly. Gentlemen are invited to call and
examine for themselves.
, , 1ao. TIIOS. F. MKRUY.MA.N.
July 24, 1<T>.
CfOhl’MKl AN HOTEL—(jhdegtt rtdat'd.— The
J Proprietor* of thin Establishment have determine*!
i to reduce their charges, in consequence of the prices, of
provisions. Henceforward their rales will be the same
ax they were before the high price* of provisions in the
*■ forced upon thorn the m i ossify of advancing
them.
They wish al*»» to inform their patrons, (some of whom
in consequence of the crowd in the busy reason of the
Spring could not be accommodated,) that they have made
some additions to their furniluie, which will insure their
reception in future and .take oce.-iion to renew the
pledge that if they should not he enabled to afford better
accommodations, they shall he at h ast as good «* at any
other establishment in the city.
Kept. I. _ __ .'JT»-f;t
VyoUNT IDA FOR SALE AT AUCTION iTf
will sell this valuable ami beautiful Estate (u des
cription of which has been given in n previous adver
tisement) at public auction, on Tuesday the UU\ day of
September, on the premises, (near New Canton, Buck
ingham county,) if fair, if not the next fair day, unless
privately sold, of whir h notice will be given —The privi
lege of seeding a crop of wheat will be given, »f which
there may be from two to three hundred bushel* sowed
and entire possession given at Christmas—Terms unde
known on tlie day of sale—On the same day I will sell
>1) n\y f'tock f<l blooded horura, nmong t hr m brood
mares inferior to but lew, if any—and now in fosl by
the first, horses in our country—an Trsnby, ('haterm
Margaux, I ruffle, Washington, Young Tonson. At
JAMES P. WILKINHON
August M. ’ HO-Ht
O I ICE.—Mr. Henry Ludlam, surviving partner »>f
X xl the firm of Lewis Ludlam & Son, is duly .author
ized l»y us as our Attorney in fact to tra-isuci nil the
business of the concern, to receive all debts and de
mands duo to tile saint*, and generally to transact all
business connected therewith or with the Estate of our
Testator; all which will appear, by reference to the
power of attorney, executed by us this day, and duly
recorded in the Office of the Court of Hustings for tho
City of Richmond, and a duplicate of which is deposi
ted in the Rank of Virginia.
WM. ALLISON,
JAMES II. GARDNER,
J.It ting Executors of Lewis l.villmn, dec'll.
4.__ 35—4t
X feRA GOODS—Market liriJgc.— \Va!i.«worth iV.
S Jr Williams are now prepared to furnish country
Merchants with nn assortment of Dry Goods, on asg io«l
terms as ih<*y can procure them in any Northern Market.
Septenibet 1. 3T>—lot
C1U 1‘AK 1 NHRStllP.—Hcrnard Peyton having take
J en into co-p irtnership Mr. THOMAS J. ^>KAN,
the General Commission Business, heretofore carried on
by him in this city, will hereafter be conducted under
tin* firm of PEY 1'O.N A*. DEA.N, who respectfully so
licit a share of tin- public patronage.
Richmond, August 1, ];£i5. 27_tf
RAN AWAY from the subscriber, in Newberry Dis
trict, South Carolina, a negro man, named ctntony.
aged about 21 years, of light complexion, very spare
made, and about 5 feet ti or 10 inches high. On exmni
nation of his back, two large scars wifi be discerned,
supposed to be occasioned by n burn. When lie eloped,
he had in possession a rouud jacket and pantaloons of
darkish grey sitinett, a frock coal of mixed cloth, and
pantaloons ucaily of the same color, but somcwhnt duik
er; und a white hat about half worn.
Also, a negro woman, named Mary, the wife of said
Antony; a bright mulatto, with tolerably straight, long
hair; iier lronl teeth considerably decayed, and one of
ill** same entirely broken off; light blue or grey eyes;
in height, about 5 feet 4 or 5 inches, of delicate; form,
and about the ago of her husband. Her clothing con
sisted chiefly of u black bomhazett and purple circadian
dross, besides several calico frocks—both body servants,
Tho above negr >e* wore purchased in Richmond, Va.,
by « gentleman oi the name of Poindexter, of said State;
curried to Mobile, Alabama, und there purchased by the
subscriber, lust May. It is calculated they will attempt
to make their way back to Richmond, Va.
Any information Concerning them, will be thankfully
received by the subscriber, at his residence in Marengo
County, Alabama; nnda liberal reward paid for their ap
prehension or security in jail.
Letters may be addressed to Duke Williams and Win.
P. Bulloch, of Newberry District, S. C., to John Bishop,
of Powelton, Hancock County, Geo., (each of whom is
authorised to receive the negroes from the apprehenders,)
or to the subscriber, at Wtiite Hall, Marengo County,
Alabama EDWIN A. GLOVER.
. 23—3m
& / l’l'« KJitor* at Ilia Kslcigli K<*£i*t .r, nml Coluu t.i.i Tote.
. Oi«o, u III pulili h llio k>o»o, for lli.-eu uiu.ilha, and Ibrwur.l thoir ■■
CUU.‘"1.0'!"' subscriber, at tVI.it.. Hall, Alaret.jjo county, Alabama.
□ICHMOND COUNTY 1.AN1) Full SALE*—
'1 lie subscriber Iwing desirous nnd determined to
remove to a new Stale, provided hr; can dispose of hi*
lands, Ac., in the Northern Neck, he tlierefore offers Ins
public Lou and Houses, at Bloney Hill, on tin- most rea
sonable terms; consisting of a tavern, which is a new
house, three stories high, containing under the roof eight
rooms and a passage, which renders it quite comfortable,
and well calculated to entertain travalleis, Ac. There are*
good stables, a store-house, a new granary, a kitchen,
ice-house, and ail oilier out houses necessary at a public
place—all of which has been built since 1830. There ia
also a good well in the yard, not to be excelled by any
for good water, in Ibis State. There ore about 75 acre*
ot laud attached to the lot.
I will also oiler another lot, adjoining the same tract,
know n by (lit* nAiiit* of V\ hi Ur h 1 itvcrn, containing about
37 ucres. with a good dwelling-house, and other out
house* on it, which, with little lepair, would be in good
order.
1 Will also offer another tract, containing 302 acres, 3
mile* South-West of Westmoreland Court-House, with
a good dwelling-house, kitchen, granary, stable*, and
other necessary out-house*.
1 will also offer another tract, containing 300 acres,
•’ I ~ mile* West of Westmoreland (J. 11.—a valuable
forest farm. 1 here is a good dwelling-house, granary,
corn house*, stable*, Ac.., and a fir*t-raie grist mill, lately
built. 1
I will also offer another tract, in the ritrenie end of
llio county, containing >0 acre#, will) & good dwelling
house, and other out-houses on it.
All the foregoing lands, lying in the county of Rich
mond end Slate nf \ irgmia, are healthy situations. I
deem it unnecessary to give a farther description of tiio
land*, fin tlinjk1 wishing to purchaw can view for them*
selves, Ac. JOSHUA BEAMY,
Aug. 21. [31-—if) Htonnj fliU, llithmond f'o., rn.
HU OWATHMEY, of Norfolk, and ROBERT
• II. I OMPKINS, ol this (-ity, have entered into
Copartnership, under the firm of (itvs rmirv A To.vir
kiss, fnMlic !r insnclion of u General Commission busi
ness at MOnlLL, Alabama to be commenced m the
■Ti'iiith of October next. They tender their services to
their friend* and (he public generally, and will endea
vor to give satisfaction to all who may intrust their in
terests to them. H. R OWATHMF.Y
RO. R. TOMPKINS.
Richmond, August 7,1835. 27—12t
I-i.i him i Richmondt M*aar». Roger*, Harrison
A Gray, R. A T. Gwathmey. Awrfolk, Mr Hamurl
1>. Rawlins. VtLrrtbvrg, Messrs. Mordccai A Oslioriie.
llaUfir, A. C, Mr. K B. Marshall. F.tUnton, A. f ,
Messrs. IL ugh tin A Booth, Joseph B. Skinner, Esq
Joseph II .Skinner, Esq., Hr. James Nortottt. Flu'
month, A. (J., Messrs J. C A W. R Norcom. Tmtbo.
rough, A. V., Messrs. II. A 8 H. Cotton. Murfrr-»hn.
rough, -V. V., Messrs. Booth*)) A Johnston. If'tldrn,
(. , Messrs. W iail A Smith. Vhnrlrttom, S. i,'„ Mr.
Benjamin II. Smith, Messrs. <'hceslxmmgh A Montgo
mery. fiatannnh, (in , Win. Gaston, Kvq , Joseph Cuut
ming. E*q. 'jhtguma, tin., Mr. R. H. Mnsgrore. Mo
ron, On., Messrs. Hamilton A Hafea.
1^1 M PLOY MEN I W A NT EH.—A single inan with
-d family wiriie* to engage to manage * farm for
the ensuing year. A pplicatinn by letter, post p ud, to P.
*■ B. w® attended to References unquestionable
will be produced of superior management. None need
apply except one whose business will afford wagra of
*2->o or more. Letters to be direoted to Summerville,
rsuqnior Co., Va
Ang 28 S3—fit