IMTELMGENOEK.
ROMNEY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1835.
(£yw About SO bands are employee
on the 5>h section of the North Wes
tern Turnpike Road; 25 on the Gih ;
and on the 7th and 8 h, each, between
40 and 50. The 5th mile of the 7ih
section was received, says the Clarks
burg paper, by the Superintendent on
the 26 uit.
05^ The Natchrz(Miss.) Free Tra
der states that neither Mr. Cage or Mr.
Plummer, late members of Congress,
will br candidates for re-election. It is
said that Mr. Plummer will be a can
didate for the U. S. Senate in opposi
tion to R. J. Walker.
05*- The New Jersey Fredonian
Gazette says :—“Lynch’s law,” as it
is termed, is ns old, we believe, as the
American Revolution. We have heard
the old men speak of it, as applied to
(he Tories in the Revolution. It then
authorised “29 lashes well laid on,”
without the form of a trial.
A letter from Cuedalore, in the
East ludia papers, states A female,
now under sentence of death, is about
to be executed for a murder of a more
atrocious nature than any that has ever
come to our knowledge. The husband
of the woman gave her some mutton to
curry for his supper, and the woman’s
paramour chancing to come in during
the time of the preparation, asked for
and obtained the curry, which, being
very hungry, he completely devoured:
the w oman tearing her husband’s anger,
and having no means of replacing the
mutton, actually killed her own child,
cuiried it, and served it up to her hus
band, who finding the bones smaller
and more tender than those of mutton,
tbxed her with presenting him with a
kid; but suddenly, as if suspecting the
horrible catastrophe, he inquired for
his child, when, dreadful to relate, the
mother confessed the murder, and the
infernal fact of having made the flesh
of her infant into curry for its father !
Our readers may feet inclined to doubt
ihe reality of so diabolical a transaction;
but we are sorry to say that we have
no reason to do so.”—Courier.
Richmond medical School.—We ob
teive with pleasure (hat a Course of
Lectures is to be delivered in this city
upon the various blanches of Medical
Science, by Th. Johnson, M- D., James
Beale, M. D., Robert Briggs, M. D.,
and Robert W. Haxall, M. B. The
course will commmence on the last
Monday in October, and continue till
the first of March next. The profes
sional attainments and character of
these gentleman will commend their
institution, we doubt not, to the sup.
port of many, who but for a school of
Ibis kind in our city wculd resort to
northern colleges for instruction in
Medical Science.—Telegraph.
Tavern Keepers in New Orleans.
—The New Orleans Bee, in alluding to
the immerse profits made by this class
oi people there, says that one landlord
cleared gl 70,000 in three years, and that
many ft males who keep hoarding houses,
hare cleared 8 or $10,000 in a singlesea
•on. This, however, has awakened com
petition, and many new houses for public
accommodation are now being built.
Seeing through a Millstone.—Ac
cording to the Worcester (Mass.) Spy,
the good people of Uxbridge have been
thrown into a state of excitement, in
consequence of the mysterious power
displayed by a Miss _Jilson, who, ac
cording to the testimony of “witnesses
ef the most respectable character,” af
ter having her eyes covered so as to
t« perfectly blindfolded, can read
with facility any passages selected from j
books she has never before seen—and j
further, that she can discover through \
solid partitions what is passirg in the
room adjoining that in which she is
placed, telling who are in the room,
the location of each person in the dif
ferent paits, their changes of position,
Sic. &c.—and all this test, too, conduc
ted by persons who are disbelievers in
her powers. It appears that the peo
ple have divided into two parlies on
the subject—one portion believing the
whole to be a humbug, ihe other hav
ing faith in its reality. — Cham. Whig.
Bank Trials.—Yesterday the Bank
^atrs were called up and after some
iitcussion, one of the indictments was
kquashed on the ground that there were
[wo for the same offence. Poultney
Ihenoff-red ready lor trial on all or
kny of the indictments against him,
[mi the council for the prosecution sta
led that they were not ready, and the
fourt adjourned ’till to-day, to give the
Utomey General an opportunity to
;repare for trial.—Harford Rep- °J
lug. 27. ==
CHOLERA.
The Cholera hag made its appear
I net in Versailles (Ky.) in its most ap
hailing term. Of one hundred inhab
Rants, twenty-five died between Sun*
jay me ruing and Monday noon. Of
<he*e some were the roost respectable
nf the inhabitant*.— Twelve more
death* occurred before Monday even
ing, and on Tuesday, at 3 o’clock, P.
VI. the deaths were forty-two.
Suitar Ca< Pi.— We regret to state,
from good authority that the sugar crop
of this state cannot yield more than one
half as much as the last season. The
prospects in Attakapas is better than
on the coast, some planters on the riv
er cannot torn out any thing except
corn, of which most abundant crops
I have been made.—N. O. Bulletin.
WESTERN LAND SALES.
The Philadelphia Gazette contains
an article shewing the gross frauds
committed by speculators in the pur
chase of lands; frauds, too, which are
accompanied and supported by threats
of violence, that is of the execution of
Lynch’s law upon the head of the
stranger, who, invited by the govern
ment to become a purchaser, is a fair
bidder at a much higher price than that
for which the land is knocked down to
the speculator. The bare putting up
of a pen of a few pannels of fence,
without even the formality of a log
cabin, entitles the pretended occupant
or speculator to what he calls his pre
emptive right. He then pays only $1,
25 an acre for land for which the hon
est bidder would give five dollars or
more. The squatters, who are the
speculators’ tools and agents in this
knavish business, are now ready to
transfer their operations to another re
gion, and play off the same game.— By
the frequent and continuing repetition
of these frauds, the finest government
lands of the western country have be
come, or are becoming, the prey of a
band of unprincipled speculators, to
the great injury of the people of the
United States at large, and in preven
tion of the settlement of the lands by
which the western people, not concern
ed in these speculations, would be
greatly benefited.
Frauds and abuses of this nature
call luudiy for a remedy. The next
sessioa of congress will, it is to be
earnestly hoped, not be permitted to
pass over without a careful attention
to this subject. Strong and effectual
legislation upon it, and the faithful and
fearless execution of the law when
made, are both requisite.
A judicious and elegant writer in the
Boston Courier, thus argues the right
and power of Massachusetts to suppress
the fanatics.
‘•All acts done within the jurisdiction
of Massachusetts necessarily leading to
the toss of such blessing and beuetiis,(as
the Union) are public wrongs, done to
Massachusetts, and its citizens, and ought
to be punished. As all citizens of every
State, in consideration of being guaran
teed the full enjoyment of all their own
reserved rights and privileges, they are
bound not to interfere with the rights
and privileges of others. The conclusion
from these premises is, that Massachu
setts has the power, and that it is her
duty, to pass laws, with proper penalties
to prevent acts within her own limits,
which may impair the enjoyment, by her
own citizens, of peace, commerce, and so
cial intercourse with the citizens of other
States ; and especially to prevent all acts
which lend to deprive its own citizens of
the advantages end benefits of the Union."
A Mammoth Beet.—Mr. Abram
S. Rhodes, of Middletown, has sent to
our oJp.ce a beet, raised in his garden,
measuring 21 inches in circumference,
and weighing 8 pounds. Our cook
says she has been walking around it,
but has not yet determined upon which
side to attack if.—Winch. Virg.
Liberia.—In speaking, in our Iasi
paper, of the provisions made by the
Legislatures of Tennesse and Virginia
for removing fiee persona of coloi
irom those States to Africa, we staled
it to be in the latter Slate, as we
thought, twenty*eight dollars for each
adult person. We have since seen a
copy of the act of Virginia, referred to,
and find that the allowance by that
Slate is thirty dollars for all free per
sons of color above the age of ten
years, and twenty dollars for such as
are under that age : provided that no
payment be made for the removal ot
any other than persons of color then
free, and born within that Common
wealth, or their descendants.—JVaf. hit.
“Get bid of voub pips.”—IVe un
derstand that the Hanks of Philadel
phia have agreednot to receive L-ltiths
of a Spanish dollar for more than
0 cents. This uiill reduce the nume
rous tribe known by the name of lips
to an equality with our foe cent pie
ces, and occasion perhaps a consider
able change in the dealings of those
who trade in small toares.
Tlie Banking capital of Louisiana is
now sixty millions of dollais,nearly the
whole of which is used at Mew Orleans.
(£/" Peaches are selling in the Phil
adelphia market at from 8 to 12 dollars
per bushel.
£1 Bills are prohibited in the State of
.New York, after the 1st of September.
iFoctfflii Netos.
By the packet George Washington
Capt Holdredge, from Liverpool, Lon
don papers have been received al New
York to the 23d nit. inclusive.
Among the news, that which is least
expected, is a statement that the suc
cessor of Francis of Austria does not
mean to follow in the footsteps of his
predecessor—as a member of the Holy
Alliance—but to withdraw therefrom.
In France the Peers are still trying
the Lyons insurgents—and the Freach
troops at Algiers were harassed, and
had suffered serious loss by the attacks
of the Arabs.
The affairs of the Queen of Spain
look somewhat bettpr. The Queen is
sued a decree on the 4th, by which
the order of Jesuits is suppressed, and
their properly ordered to be sold.—
The Jesuits are not favorites with the
Spanish populace, though the Men
dicant Friars are beloved.
In the House of Commons, on the
21st July, Sir Robert Pkei. made a
very able speech, on a motion made by
him to divide the Irish Church bill.—
The object of the motion was to obtain
the separate action of the House on
the two main features of the bill—that
making arrangements respecting tithes,
and that contemplating an alienation
of the surplus of the Irish Church pro
perty to purposes other than ece!esias„
tical. The Hon. Baronet is said to
have surpassed, in this speech, any of
his former efforts. The motion was
resisted by ministers. The debate had
been adjourned to a third day.
Lord Brougham attended the laying
of the first stone of a new Mechanics’
Institute at Liverpool, on the 15th of
July. A dinner was given to him in
the evening, which was numerously
attended. One of the toasts given was,
‘‘Our brethern, the citizens ol the Un -
ted Slates of America.” This was pro
posed by Lord Brougham, and the
whole company—ladies included, sini
ulianeously arose Se gave three cheers :
The ladies, besides thus exercising their
“most sweet voices,” waved their
handkerchiefs in a mast enthusiastic
manner. Dr. String, an American, ac
knowledged the compliment, as did
Mr. Ogden, the American Consul, and
the band (by way of compliment) gave
“Yankee Doodle,” as a finale.—Mir.
New Yobk, August 28.
By the ship Natchez, Capt. White,
Paris and Havre papers have been re
ceived at New York to July 24.
The cholera is spreading rapidly in
the South of France, and appears to be
very fatal. Among the places which
it has invaded, are Toulon, Marseilles,
Nice, and Villefranche. At Nice on
the 13th July, 13cases were announced.
At Marseilles on the l6th, 25 deaths
by cholera, and at Toulon on the same
day, 66.
The losses of the French in the en
gagements near Oran, Africa, on the
26th to the 23th June were 362 killed
and 308 wounded.
Paris, July 23.—The ministerial
journal contains the followings
“A telegraphic despatch of the 21st
from Bayonne announces that Don
Carlos retired on the lfth to Arbeiza,
where he was joined by Eraso and the
rest of the Car lint army.
“Among the wounded who were
conveyed to Estella and Yrache, sever*
al officers are mentioned, including
Villareal and Sagisiibelza.
“On ille whole, their loss was con
siderable. The prisoners taken from
them were sent to Pampeluna, where
the principal part of the army of the
Queen arrived on the 19ih.
PARts, July 23, 11 o'clock, A. M.—
The sad events at Oran occupy the
whole press this morning, and give oc
casion to severe reproaches against the
government, whose indecision, relative
to our African colony, is the prime
cause of the check experienced by the
French battalion. Marshal Clausel
left yesterday for Algiers.
Warlike preparations in Ohio !
It was stated a few days since upon
the authority of an Ohio paper, that the
governor and Commander in chief had
given orders to the major generals of
the several divisions of the Ohio mili
tia , to ascertain and report to him, im»
mediately, the number of militia rifle
men and cavalry that could, at a mo.
merit's warning, be furnished from their
respective divisions. Upon this the
Cleveland Herald of Saturday last
says:
In obedience to these instructions the
commanding officers are actively en
gaged in the discharge of this duty.
VVe scarcely open a paper, in the state,
but we discover some demonstrations
of a warlike character. Orders are is
suing, and the militia are in motion.
Cen. Brainard, of this division, we learn
from the Paynesvillo Telegraph, pass
ed through that place a few days since
on his way to Ashtabula, in the per
foiuiance of the duties imposed upon
him. The several companies under the
command of Oen. Harris are ordered
to meet at Ravenna on Saturday next.
The Lebanon Star states that Gover
nor Lucas “has ordered a quantity of
arms and other munitions of war to the
northern border ; and intends by the
20th inst. to have embodied there a
strong military force.” As much as
we regret the necessity of these move
ments, we are glad to perceive that his
Excellency exhibits a firm and unalter
able determination to protect our citi
zens in the peaceable possession oftheir
rights, and to prevent the futther dep
redations of a ruthless and vindictive
mob.—Gaz. —
(O'* The Columbus Ohio State Jour.
nal of the 25th ult. in speaking of this
call says :
So f9r as intelligence has reached us
from the several counties, the call has
been patriotically responded to ; and we
learn that were it not confined to mount
ed men, (the difficulty and expense of e
quipping themselves according to the re
quisition being manifest,) our citizen sol
diers are preparing to turn out en masse.
It is plain, from the domineering attitude
Michigan has assumed, and her determi
nation not to accede to the terms of our
Compromise Bill, that the time for dis
cussion has passed by and that wo are
now necessitated to act,—at least to sus
tain the civil authorities of the State
and protect our citizens within our con
stitutional boundaries. That Ohio has
been patient past endurance, cannot be
denied. Still it is not contemplated to
mako war on Michigan, but simply to
maintain our own rights.
! The day fixed by law for opening
theterm of the Court of Common Pleas
for Lucas county is the 7th September
next. Is it to be expected, judging
from the past, that the Courl, its offi.
cers, jurors, and suitors would escape
insult—probably outrage ? Their pro
tection has raised the necessity of en.
rolling an adequate force of volunteers.
The boundary line, according to the
tenor of the Compromise. Bill, is also
to be remarked. But this does not
contemplate the taking forcible posses
siun of the disputed territory ; for the
same bill expressly provides that the
citizens on the disputed ground will
be left to their own choice in acknowl
edging the jurisdiction either of Ohio
or Michigan, till the close of the next
session of Congress. But we are also
bound to lend our aid to those citizens
within our limits who choose to live
under our jurisdiction, and who claim
our protection. How far the course
which Ohio has been compelled to take
may end peaceably, now depends on
circumstances beyond her control.
The Executive Council of Michigan
assembled, pursuant to the Proclama
tion of Acting Governor Mason, on the
17th instant. Oftheir proceedings be
yond the Message of the Governor, we
are as yet uninformed. For the char
acter of that document, and their prob
able course, we will quote the language
of our neighbor Judge Smith, in the
late number of the Monitor.
“N. B. We had not seen the mes
sage of the Acting Governor of Michi
gan to bis Legislative Council when
the preceding was written. Governor
Lucas has favored us with a copy. It
is, as we expected, a furious message.
He scolds at Ohio for proposing such
terras as are offered in the compromise
bill ; and says that the ‘General Gov
ernment cannot authori/.e the accep
tance of the proposed arrangement, and
that the President never intended any
thing more than courtesy to Ohio in
proposing to Michigan to accept it.
And he says that if the Council accept
the compromise,they sacrifice the rights
of the territory. On the other hand,
if they reject the arrangement, violence
and insurrection may ensue, but upon
others will rest the responsibility.’
“Here we have the direct avowal of
Mr. Secretary Mason, the hopeful
youth just out of his teens, that he has
rejected the advice of the President to
accept the arrangement. Governor Lu«
cas also informs us that Mr. Secretary
Forsythe had also communicated to
him the fact of Mason’s official rejec.
1 tion. Slow as we have been among
the journals of our State to cull this
difficulty ‘settled,’ we did anticipate
the President’s immediate removal ol
this man, on the occurrence of such
contumacy.
“P. S. The committee to whom
the Governor’s message was referred,
replied in a report as full of fight as
the message.”
Quarrels of the Fair.— The eastern
Whig reports the trial of a Mrs. S.,
for an assault and battery on Mrs li.,
for taking firewood out of an oven,
in which Mrs. S. had just put it.
The jury, unwilling that every ba
king should brew a quarrel, acquitted
the defendant, and directed the pros
ecutrix to pay the costs.—Porter for
the prosecution ; Brown for the de.
fence.
During the progress of the case,
the following was produced by a gen
tleman, who is fond both of fun and
fees :—
“Huzza for the slattern and sloven,
And good luck to each Amozen head.
While the hussies contend for the oven,
The lawyers are eating the bread.”
Lynch Law—Abolitionists, &c.
The Memphis Gazette of the 8lh
utt. states, on the authority of a gen*
tleman just from Vicksburgh, that t<vo
men, one named Urley, a notorious
negro thief and counterfeiter, were sum*
manly executed a few days before by
the citizens. The other man whose
name he bad forgotten, belonged to a
gang which has for sometime infested
the neighborhood.
Philadelphia, Aug. 27.
We understand that a gentleman of
this city, received yesterday from New
York, a large box containing (tom fif
ty to a hundred thousand copies of
pamphlets, papers and pocket hand
kerchiefs, containing extracts from the
anti slavery writings, and pictures of
slaves being whipped, &c. As the
consignee had never ordered any such
article, he made report of the matter
to Alderman McMichuel, the president
of the great meeting of Monday, who
immediately called together a commit
tee appointed by the meeting, and it
was agreed to destroy the whole. The
box was opened, and the committee
proceeded to condemn the whole to the
flames. They were therefore burnt
immediately.
We have since been informed, that
the box accidentally burst open, when
the nature of the contents became
known, and notice was given to the
Mayor, who proceeded to investigate
the matter.— U. S. Gazette.
Movements of the Abolitionists.—
The village Record says ‘‘During
the past week, Messrs. Gould and Gun,
agents of the Philadelphia young men's
abolition society, have delivered seve
ral interesting lectures in this borough
upon the subject of abolition. The
lectures were well attended ; many of
our country friends being in the bor
ough. Their object is to form socie
ties throughout the state in furtherance
of the cause.”
Unparalleled Impudence.—From a
late Boston Mercantile Journal we ex
tract the subjoined paragraph.
‘‘An English Ship the John May,
Delany, arrived in the lower harbor
last evening from Dublin, and in the
course of the night landed in her boats,
at the wharves in this city, about
300 Irish paupers, and then made sail.
The Revenue Cutter was despatched
this morning to apprehend the author
of this daring villainy. If the vessel
cannot be captured and brought back
it is to be hoped that our government
will adopt other prompt and vigorous
measures, to cause exemplary punish*
meat to be inflicted for this high-ham
ded violation of our laws.”
Incendiaries arrested.-A Baton
Rogue paper of the 8th ultimo says :
‘‘YVe learn by a gentleman just from
the parish of St. Helena, that a few
days since, the citizens of that parish
took up three persons who stated that
they belonged to the Murel gang. At
the time our informant left, one of the
three had made his escape, and sen
tence had not been passed on the oth
er two. YVe learn that the fellow who
made his escape, is now lurking about
the neighborhood of this place ; if so,
we have no doubt that Judge Lynch
will be able to give some account of
him shortly.” -
Abolition Clergymen.— The Editor
of the Boston Gazette has examined
the proceedings of the Anti-Slavery
Society in May last, and says that
there were present as actual delegates
to the Anti-Slavery Convention, F1F
TV-NINE CLERGYMEN, <Aa<
letters were received from others, who
could not attend, in consequence of
their parochial duties, but expressed
their devotion to the cause. There,
were from Maine, I ; New Hampshire
11; Massachusetts, 38 ; Rhode Island
5; New York, 3,$c. Connecticut and
Vermont, to their credit, were not rep
resented by any of the Clergy.
Georgetown, Auo. 26.
On Sunday last a negro boy was ar
rested for having attempted to set fire
to a house in Gay street. The young
miscreant had arranged a large quan
tity of combustible materials in the
most effectual manner to accomplish
his purpose, and, having set them on
fire, made his escape. Fortunately,
a thick smoke was seen coming from
under the door, and the flames were
extinguished, or the design might have
completely succeeded. The boy was
accused by a little coloured girl,
whose suspicions were excited by see.
ing him go several times privately to
the bouse in question. We have not
heard that he had any accomplice in
his diabolical design, which was sole
ly prompted by private malice. He
was fully committed.—Metropolitan.
A Miss Wood lately recovered of a
Mr. Hurd, at the London common
pleas, for a breach of promise to mar•
ry, ^£3500 sterlingWho ever Hurd
of such a price for Wood.
Elections.
Rhode Island Election.—The prov
idence Journal of yesterday week says,
that official and unofficial returns from all
the (owns but one, give the following re
sult for members of Congress :
£323
0
3336
3350
Burges, (Whig)
Cranston, do
Pearce, (Adm.)
Sprague, do
Tho town,of Charlestown is the only
one not heard from. “It is however re«
ported(says the Journal) that Mr. Bur
ges has a majority. Wo have also heard
of several scattering votes amounting to
from 14 to 20, How these will affect
the election we cannot say with cer
tainty."
North Carolina Election.
The Congressional election in this
state has resulted in the choice of two
new members-William Monigr.T- ry in
the place of Daniel L. Barringer, & E.
Pettigrew in the place of Thomas H.
Hall ; all the others are re-elected.
Of the thirteen members, seven are
Whigs and six Van Bureniles.
Tennessee.—Mr.Cannon,tha anti«
Van Buren candidate for governor of
Tennessee, has been elected by a con
siderable majority over Mr. Carrol,
the present incumbent, who was run
as a Jackson Van Buren man.
Alarama.—The Hon. C. C. Clay
(Van Buren) is elected governor by a
large majority over the White candi
date, Mr. Parsons.
THE KENTUCKY ELECTIONS.
The Frankfort “Commonwealth” of
August 22d, gives a complete List of the
Members elected to the State Legisla*
ture and to Congress, at the recent elec*
tion in that State 5 from which it appears
that in the Senate of the State there ard
22 Whigs and 10 Administration men. In
the House of Representatives, there are
61 Whigs and 39 Administration men.
In the next Congress the State will bo
represented by 9 Whigs and 4 Adrsinias
tralion men, as follows:
1st District—Lynn Boyd.*
2d do Joseph R. Underwood:
3d do Albert G. Hawes.*
4th do Sherrod Williams.
Sth do James Harlan.
6th do John Calhoun.
7th do Ben. Hardin.
8th do William J. Graves.
9th do John White.
10th do Chilton Allan
11 th do Richard French.”
12th do John Chambers.
13th do Richard M. Johnson.*
* Friends of the Administration.
From the Downing Gazette.
Sargent Joel and the Gineral and
Mr. Blair and ibe rest on era returned
to the City of Washington on Monday
last, front a visit to the Rip Rapt
where they have been staying for some
time, for the Gineral to recruit hit
health.
Washington Citt, )
East Room, Aug. 18, 1835. J
Dear Cousin Jack—We have jest
got home from the Rip Raps, and I’ve
sot down to rest me in the east room,
and it looks as natural as ail nature,
only it smells a little musty it’s been
shut up so long, Si the dust has blowed
in so thick that you could write slut
with your finger all over the furniture.
But howsomever we shall soon get
things to rights again, so it will look
as slick as ever and go along like clock
work. The Gineral is a little recruit
ed by going down to the Rip Raps, but
he’s pretty slim after all. I most wish
we could have a report of a war or a
nullification or some thing or other to
brace him up a little. lie begins to
take some interest in this anti-slavery
business, since (hey begun to have pub*
lie meetings about it and to talk about
splitting the Union in two, and l think
this has helped him to pick up hit
crumbs a little. The Gineral some*
times fetches his foot down very square
and his cane too, and says he, Sargent
Joel, this Union shant be dissolved
while my name is Andrew Jackson,
for the sake oi slavery or anti-slavery
or nullification or any thing else.
We took good care of the Ginerat
while we were down at the Rip Raps.
Mr. Blair or l kept with him all ine
time, and didn’t allow any body to come
in and chat with him, without one of us
was present so as to do most of the
talking. We find a good many things
to be attended to now we’ve got back,
letters to be answered & appointments
to be made and one thing another and
bein the Gineral’s so slim I expect the
bigger part ofit will come on my shout*
ders. Howsomever I shall take time
once in a while to write to you and let
you know how things get along. Your
loving Cousin.
SARGENT JOEL DOWNING
We find lha fallowing unqualified
statement in the Louisville Journal of
the 17iti ult:
“Col. Denton has been appointed
collector of the port of New-orlean».
fie intends starling for that place from
St. Louis in a few days.”—Win. Rep.
Those persons who are in bu
siness the most sharp, usually get th«
most blunt.