of his operations taj widened, tie was
found tn possess mental resource* cor
responding to the increased demand —
With such success did be apply him
self to the details of commercial, mari
time, and international law, that he won
the esteem and cot fidence of his able
colleagues—men who had been long
experienced and profoundly versed in
the science of public law. He held
this appointment until 1824, at which
time the Commission expired. In the
same year he was again unanimously
appointed a Judge of the Court of Ap
peals, but he declined the appointment.
In 1825 Gen. Jackson resigned his
seat in the United States Senate, and
Hugh L. White was unanimously elec
ted to fill out the term. In 1827 he
was again unanimously elected to serve
the next six years.
We Bre now to review the life of
Hugh L. White in the most important
and interesting scenes of the many in
which he has taken part. Hitherto,
we had viewed him chiefly as a jurist
and local politician. But his life and
acts become now identified with nation
al history and national interests. And
from the character which be has ac
quired in this political capacity from
the ability and faithfulness with which
he has discharged the functions of the
high stations which be has occupied,
must he stand or fall to the people of
this nation. Ten years ago, Hugh L.
White biought into our national coun
cils great weight of character. Has
he sustained it ? At that time he had
the unlimited confidence of every party
in the Government. Has he forfeited
it? During this era of great achieve,
ment in our political history—memora
ble for the revolutionizing of our na
tional policy—for the demolishing of
long established institutions, and the
building up of new—for bold and un
tried adventure in the theory and prac
tice of Government—a period porten
tiously pregnant with doubtful and
strange doctrines, which will distin*
guish this era of our political history for
ages to come—during all this mighty
conflict of principle, Hugh L. White
hasbeen constantly upon tbe ground.
He bore his part in them all, es
friend or foe. He has fearlessly carried
tbe standard in the thickest ranks, or
checked the sallies of dangerous rash
ness by the voice of wisdom and the
weight of years. And now at tbe
close of the drama, when the conflict is
over, and the elements of strife are
composed into harmony, and the hori
zon ia brightening up, he stands up
before the people whom be has helped
to pilolont of tbe breakers, and asks to
be tried by his actions. Upon the
measures there advocated, by the
opinions there avowed, and by the
honesty and ability there displayed, let
i him be tried by a candid & enlighten
ed people—and upon the result, let
j him stand or fall. Justice and candor
j demand no more than this.
{To bo concluded in our next.]
From the Middletown (Con.) Sentinel of
July 29.
Uncommon Circumstances.—Tho
facts communicated in the following no
tice are believed to be strictly true. The
communication is from the parties them
selves, one of whom is personally known
to us:
SINGULAR MARRIAGE.
In the month of January, 18l7i Mr.
Harry Rockwell and Esther Niles
were united in the bands of matrimony,
by the Rev. Mr. West, of East Hamp>
ton. In October, 1819,business called
Mr. Rockwell, to Savannah, from
which place he intended to return in
about six months ; but unforeseen cir
cumstances prevented his return until
the 4th of the present month, having
been absent sixteen years, 8 months,
and twenty-seven days. During his
absence, Mrs. Rockwell obtained a bill
of divorce, and was a second time
married. With her second husband
she lived until his death, which hap
pened the 12th March, 1831, and from
that to the present lime she has re
mained a widow. On Saturday, the
4tb instant, Mr. Rockwell arrived in
- Chatham, East HamptoD Society, and
found her that was once his wife, in
the same house in which he had left her
in the year 1817, and ori Thursday af
ter noon, the 9th inst. they were again
united iu the bands of matrimony by
the Rev. Mr. Loper, of Middle Had»
[jdam. A short but comprehensive ad
dress was delivered on the occasion.
Like Noah's dove, that from the ark
W as sent forth all alone.
He found no mate to cheer his heart,
Untill ho did return.
H. & E. ROCKWELL.
- 'Have ycu heard the news, aunt
(Dolly ?’ said a little ragged urchin,
1 unning into the house.
‘No, deary.’
•Well, I’ll tell it to you, aunty.’
'What is it, my little man ?’
‘You know our Frank run away and
[rent to sea ?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well, the French, it is said, are go
ng to 25,000,000 of Franks be
[mgiog to us, and 1 guess aunty, oui
Trank will be among them.’
Various Matters.
RIOTS IN JAMAICA.
From a letter received by Hudson,
of the merchants’ News Room, dated
at Kingston, (Ja.) June 22d, we learn
that the whole island had been kept in
a slate of alarm and feverish agitation
in consequence of the insurrection of
the manumitted slaves, (or apprentices
as they are now called.) Not a day
passes but one or more of the murder
ers are brought up for trial.
The Governor at present is very
unpopular, in consequence of his tak
ing part wiih the apprentices and fa
voring their cause.
It is expected daily that a general
insurrection will take place through
the island. Who will be conquerors,
time only will disclose.—N. Y. Star.
Negro Stealing.—Two men nam
ed Clary and Johnson have been con
victed, at Natchrz, on the charge of
nego stealing. There appears to be an
organized band of horse and negro
thieves extending through the whole
Southern Country of no less than four
or five hundred. Clary was caught by
a stratagem of two gentlemen who
had blacked their faces, were mistaken i
by him for blacks. He agteed to take
them to Tcxbb for $125 each. He
acknowledged that he had taken away
no less than 15 or IS from Virginia.
They will, without any doubt, be hung.
Lynch Law—The following account
of a summary execution of vindictive
justice, scorning the law's delay, is from
a late number of the New Orleans Adver
tiser: New Obleans, July 11.
Mob Justice.—Information was re
ceived from Vicksburg ( in Mississip
pi) yesterday, by tbe steamboat Scot»
land, that a serious act of roobocrBcy
took place on (he 9th inst. in the town
mentioned. It appears that a den of
gamblers existed in that place, which
had become obnoxious to tbe citizens.
On the Fourth of July tbe gamblers
were refused permission to participate
in the celebration, whereupon, they
became insolent, and notice was giv
en to them by the citizens to leave the
place. This they disregarded, and
remained. Two of them, in conse
quence, were taken, and made to go
through the ceremony of tarring and
feathering, so well known & so often
practised in the West. These two left
the place, but (he others, five io num
ber, armed themselves, and made a
fortress uf their establishment, to which
the citizens repaired, and, after having
forced the doors, rushed in. Dr. Bod
ley, the first person who entered, re
ceived eleven balls through his body,
and fell dead instantly. The death of
the doctor excited the people to the
highest degree of wrath ; and, having
seized the gamblers, they lost no time
in hanging the whole five, who remain
ed suspended twenty-four hours. Per
haps justice was done them. It is re
ported that they had several times be
fore escaped legal justice.
Another account says—They post
ed centries, and gave notice that any
person who approached them for 24
hours would be served likewise. All the
money which was of large amount was
piled upon a table before the suspended
bodies, and the committee paid it away
to all who could prove they had lost
money at the house. About twelve or
fifteen persons in connection with the
house, 8tartedfor this city in haste to
avoid a similar fate. These are the
particulars as we have heard (hem —
we shall make no comments upon so
dreadful an occurrence, hoping the ac
counts have been exaggerated.
Since tbe above was in type we
have heard that Dr. Bodley was mur
deted in the gaming house, after hav
ing won a considerable sum of money
at (he table, which was the original
cause of this execution of summary
justice, or Lynch Law as it is called.
The persons executed were, Mr. North,
who kept a tavern, Dutch Bill, his bar
keeper, Mr. Samuel Smith, Mr. Cull,
um, and Mr. McCall.
The Meeting at the IVhite Sulphur.
Our political friends will feel natu
rally pleated to hear that the proposi
tion for a Whig conference at the
White Sulphur is displeasing to their
opponents—the best recommendation
it could have, and which supersedes
the necessity of saving a word more in
its favor. They, the foe, are endeav
oring to assimilate such a proceeding
to their own Baltimore Convention, &
to suffocate it with the effluvia of Van
Buren, Johnson, Rucker, Ranney &
Co. Come gentlemen—comparisons
are “odorous.” There is to be no
steam practice at the White Sulphur—
no Ranneys or Ruckers, or old gentle*
men in spectacles—nor any attempt to
“appoint” a President by a Junto of
Federal sycophants, and office-holders
and office-espectants—nor of the sub
ordinates and underlings of Federal
power to enforce the dictation of tbeir
superior. All intended is that the free
citizens of Virginia, should meet and
confer on the condition of public af
fairs, alarming enough, all must admit,
to excite the solicitude of every man
who has a thought for bis country,anil
10 study the best means of carrying
home to the people, true information
of the state of the country.
1 Our neighbor asks why the proposi
tion was addressed to the “Old Re
publican party of Virginia ?” Sim
ply because it was intended for them.
Simply because the Old Republicans
are opposed to Federalism and Ex
ecutive misrule, and of course to Vao
Buren and Johnson. The Republican
party, as the panders of executive en
croachment, the allies of Abolition and
Amalgamation, and the subjects of
King Caucus and his cffice-holders
have denominated themselves, were
not included in the call.—Rich. Whig.
Mr. Cray.—A pubhc dinner was giv
en to the Hon. Geo. Poindexter at
Lexington, Kentucky, on the 11th inat.
as a tribute of respect to his public char
acter and set vices, at which the Hon.
Henry Clay was present by invitation, i
Mr. Clay being toasted, replied in his vi
sual eloquent rnenner, and with the most
fervent and patriotic sentiments. He
took occasion, as his views upon this sub
ject had been misrepresented, to express
his opinion upon the pretensions of Mr.
Van Buren for the Presidency and un
deceive the public with regard to his sen
timents. His language is this—
My personal relations with the Vice
President, before and since he came
into office, have been those of civility
and courtesy; but they have never for
a moment effected my judgment as to
the propriety of his election as Chief
Magistrate. In no aspect of the con
test, in no conceivable contingency, in
no imaginable alternative, do I think it
would be for the interests or honor of
the people of the United States to
elevate him to that office. Without
stopping to insist upon objections to
him, from the exceptionable system of
party-tactics which prevails in his
own State, and which, in the event of
his success, he would endeavor to
spread over the whole Union; from the
means and the manner by which he
has been so far advanced; from my
utter inability to comprehend what his
principles now are, in reference to great
measures of National policy ; there is
one objection to him which in my
mind, is sbsolutely conclusive. He it
the nominated Candidate of the Pre•
sidentand the official corps, and sought
to be forced upoa the people by sll the
weight of (be administration. If he
were the most pure, and perfect of all
American Statesmen, this single objec
tion would in my opinion, be absolute
ly decisive against him. And l must
have been false to every principle
which has guided my public life, and
faithless in my devotion to civil liberty,
if I could have entertained an opinion
that, under such circumstances, the
Vice President should be preferred to
any Candidate. [Throughout the de
livery of these sentiments Mr. Clay
was repeatedly interrupted by anima
ted bursts of applause and cheering ]
Mr. Clay adds that whilst he enter
tains decided preferences, he does not
intend to make himself a partizan of any
candidate. Leaving the people free to
mako their own unbiased choice, he
should as one ofthem, at the proper time,
exercise his right of euffrage in such a
manner, as, under all circumstances,
shall appear to him best calculated to se
cure tho honor, the interests, and the
liberties of his country.—Banner.
A Jackson paper in Boston says,that
‘we are no nearer having a specie cur
rency than we were ten years ago?’
True 1 very true ! and not only are
the people no nearer a 'specie curren
cy’ than they were ‘ten years ago,’ but
they are farther from a ‘better paper
currency.’ The Van Burenites are be
ginning to see this, and they see no
means to avoid the dilemma in which
they are placed. Their sole hope is
this : to procrastinate until the Presi
dential election is over. Then if they
are defeated it makes no difference. If
they succeed they care not; as they
will throw the whole blame on the ob
stinacy of General Jackson, and the
ignorance of the Kitchen Cabinet.
We learn from one of the Tennes
see papers, that while Col. Crockett,
a few days ago, was addressing the
people in Wesley, a pert political op
ponent, with the view of confounding
him, handed him a ’coon skin, asking
him if it was good fur. The speaker,
instead of flying into a passion, delib
erately took the skin, blew it,examined
it, and turning to the owner, drily re
marked :—“No, sir, ’lis nut good fur ;
nty dogs woulden’l run such a ’coon,
nor bark at a man that was fool e
nough to carry such a skin.” The
poor fellow slunk away and has not
been beard of since.—Louisville Jour
nal. H“S
An Ohio paper proposes two dis
tinct tickets for the Presidency, either
of which, it is to be presumed, says the
Maysville Eagle, wuuld be acceptibie
to the Whigs. The first named ticket
is Henry Clay for president, and L.
W. Tazewell for vice president:—the
second, Daniel Webster for President,
and Thomas Ewing for vice president.
INTELLIGENCER.
i\oinnr»:
SATURDAY, AUGUST 1, 1835.
O" The Wheat crop in this county, we
take pleasure in saying, is generally sup
posed to he an average one.
O’ The election in Kentucky, for
members of Congress and members of
(he Legislature, takes place on Monday,
Tuesday and Wednesday next.
O’ Maj. Barry soiled from New York
on Sunday last, for Spain.
O* The Cumberland Civilian of Tues
day last, mentions the death of Mr. John
Logsdon, of Alleghany co., by rupturing
' a blood vessel, while at work in his har
vest field.
IET We learn, by the latest' arrival at
NewYork from Europe, says the Nation
al Int. of Saturday last, that the bill to
carry Into effect the Treaty between the
United States and France passed the
French Chamber of Peers, by a large
majority (125 against 22) as reported
from the Chamber of Deputies ; that is,
retaining the clause added by the amend
ment of General Valeae. In that form,
the bill may now be considered the act
of the French Government ; and noth
ing but inconceivable fatuity, on tho part
of ono Government or the other, can pre
vents final settlement of this controversy.
The French Question. —A public
dinner was lately given to Mr. Living
ston in New York which was very nume
rously and respectably attended. From
his speech which was a very eloquent &
happy production we make the following
extracts ;
I seizo this public occasion to declare
that I never doubted the sincere desire
of his Majesty faithfully to perform the
treaty he had made, and to preserve the
most amicable relations with the United
States, and that if he had been seconded
by all his ministers with the same eeal
which distinguished the minister for for
eign affairs, the rejection of 1834 would
not hare taken place.
This adhesion to the amendment of
General Valeze astonished and grieved
me- I strove to counteract its effects by
the note, gentlemen, which you have
seen, and which since its approval bt
the President, I still hope Mai re
move this difficulty. Should this
l fail—should one word of additional ex
[ planation be required—the good intelli
gence between the two countries is at
once interrupted, perhaps destroyed. The
voice ofthis country, thank God, is de
cided on that subject—[Cheers.]—The
dignity of the country must, at all hazards
be preserved.
The words which we have placed in
small capitals confirm the view which wo
have already given of the state of the
question.—Metropolitan.
ITT Lata accounts from Madison, Indi
ana, state that the Cholera has reap
peared there and was raging with much
violence.
IT The second annual report of the
American anti-slavery society has been
published, and tho first resolve or resolu
tion is quite enough, and will give a
clear idea of all that followed.
“ That for the permanent safety of
“ the Union, it is indispensable that
“ the whojle moral power of the FREE
" States should be concentrated and
<( brought into action, for the estermio
“ation of Slavery among us.”
This society held their meeting in
New York. Wo all know, or ought to
know, how readily delusion has taken
hold of the less intelligent of the human
family throughout all ages of the world ;
and can we say, that there is not in the
mass of the people of the Union, both in
the slave-holding and nonslaveholding
states, the same state of moral weakness,
and which may not be played upon in tho
same way ? We do not believe that there
is east of tho Potomac or west of the O
hio, a truly intelligent and virtuously
patriotic man who would patronise the
measures of this anti-slavery society j
but if we cast a look round the Union,
can we believingly say, that they have
any influence—any controul of tho mass
of our less intelligent fellow citizens ? If
they had, Martin Van Buren &. Richard
M. Johnson never would have been put
in nomination for the next Presidencies.
It must now be generally admitted,
that wo are not reposing politically
on the bed of safety—fanaticism is evi
dently gaining ground throughout the
Union, and the rights and interests of the
southern statos demand an early inter
position on the part of the general gov
ernment. It is useless to mince this
matter—this fanaticism must be put
down. It exists—it is growing, and
what is worse than all that can be done
sin tho east, it ia not confined to its eaa
tern and western ranges. Wo have for
thia very reason lately entertained the o*
pinion that our next President ought not
to be taken either from the east or the
south. We hazard nothing in saying,that
no man now spoken of, can carry into the
Presidency so much of national indepen
dence and of national compromise as
Henri Clay.
The Richmond Enquirer cries out
“Beware! Beware !’’ What do the anti
slavery people care for that? It threat
ens too something like dissolving the U
nion.—Does not the Enquirer know
that these abolitionists mostly desire
that very thing—the attempt on the
part of the slave holding states to dissolve
this Union? Any attempt at dissolution,
would be absolutely and entirely destruc
tive of the legalized rights of the slave
holders. Does not the Enquirer know,
nlso, that tho existing administration
has laboured, and, unfortunately, too
successfully, to set in array the poor a
against the rich, the working men against i
those who do not work'—and is not that |
very paper daily engaged in promoting
the same unhallowed state of things in
I in favour of Van Buren and Johnson ?
That inan who calls upon the working
men for support, in opposition to those
who do not work, and creates, for party
purposes, such a distinction, ought not
to be sustained by the southern people.
Tho slave holders of all other descriptions
of our citizens are the most profoundly
interested in the rejection of Martin Van
Buren and Richard M. Johnson. What
are their real opinions ? Who knows?
We can know men certainly only by
their acts. They rest their claims upon
the Bank humbug, and the command8
of Gen. Jackson—but are there not a
thousand men in this Union much more
entitled to the confidence of the southern
people than this Martin Van Buren ?
| and this Richard M. Johnson? We all
know, or we ought to know, that distur
bing elements are condensing—that a
fanatical storm is threatening ahead >
then let us beware 1 Let vs in time pre
pare for its arrival. To draw tighter
the bonds of the Union is the only pre
paration we ought to think of making.
In this, there is certain safety—in a dis
solution, there is inevitable ruin.
XT From an Ohio paper, wo learn that
Mr. Daniel McLean of Fayette co..,
has a yearling calf which weighs 954
pounds. What think you of this year
ling South Branch farmers ?
Great Increase—The Frederick
Examiner gives an instance of increase
in the product of a grain of wheat which
has probably, seldom been equalled, aud
perhaps, never exceeded. It appears
that a single grain of wheat produced
twenty heads, which yielded 1486 grains.
The wheat is also stated to be of the fi
nest quality,—the whole weighing near
ly two ounces.
O' The editor of the Wheeling Gazette
after copying our paragraph relative to
the rumor of a horrid murder said to have
been perpetrated in Randolph co., this i
state, observes:
We heard yesterday a somewhat
different version of this horrid aftiir.'—
Mr. Lane, residing in the lower part
of Marshall county, was in town and
reported a case of murder its having
occurred in Tyler county, which is
doubtless the same. He stated that a
merchant from the lower country bound
for Pittsburgh, called at a cabin, not a
public house, and desired accommoda
tion for the night, which was granted.
A short time afterwards a small family
of movers stopped at the same place,
and asked a similar accommodation,
which was roughly refused. The nio
| ver proceeded on to a deserted cabin
in sight, and there quartered. In the
course of the night he beard a noise at
the cabin first spoken of, and seeing a
light there, went silently over to it, and
! beheld the merchant hanging by his
feet, the blood flowing fiom his jugu
lar vein, and two men and a woman
standing by and lookiug on. In the
morning he informed the neighbors of
what he had seen, who went with him
to the cabin, where they were prompt
ly met by the assassins, who desired
them to walk iu, adding that a man
had stopped there the night before,
and had died of the cholera—suppos
ing this story would frighten them
away and prevent an examination.
The neighbors however, went in, and
found the corpse laid out in his burial
clothes. On examining the neck, they
saw the incision in the vein which had
been stopped with putty. The as
sasins were apprehended on the spot,
and cttminitted to jail. It is said the
deceased had a thousand dollars with
him. f
O’A late Baltimore paper mentions
I the arrival at that port of the steamboat
Champion, Capt. Reynolds, in thib,
teen amd a half hours from Norfolk
the shortest passage ever made—the die
tanco being 200 miles.
Dr. Lardner has discovered a plan f0f
propelling Railroad carriages by .
stead of steam. The invention is to
tested in England.
The Bar of Boston have designated
the Hon. Daniel Webster to pro.
nounce the Eulogy of the late Chief Jus,
tice Marshall.
It is said that the North Carolina Con
vention contained a majority of 40 or 5(
Whigs!
(£?* We are indebted to an acquaint
lance for the following account of the exl
ecution of Robert D. Hot, (for murJ
dering Mrs. Smoot,) at Harrisonburg,!
Rockingham co. Va. on yesterday week!
From ten to twelve thousand per„I
sons were present to witness the exitl
ofthis wretched being.
Mr. Editor Permit me to give I
yoo a detail of the circumstances at*
(ending a scene, to me, the most tragi. 1
cai I ever witnessed. I mean the ex«|
ecution of Robert D. Hog, which tookj
place on Friday the 24th of this month,|
in the vicinity of Harrisonburg. 11
had never seen the criminal until I be-,
held him on the fatal spot, surrounded |
by a strong guard, and an almost innu-J
merabie multitude, who had come frsml
four or five different counties, to see a ]
poor fellow mortal suffer death. Hel
was a man of ordinary size, and sorae-l
what advanced in life. I cannot say, T
that I could discover any thing like
guilt, in his countenance. But whate* I
ver may have been the expression of]
his countenance, which, we are gener
ally disposed to think, answers to the I
heart; his character was of that kjnd,
in which all conscience was gc..e—
shame lost—moral sense obliterated,
and all regard to the consequence of
crime in this life, and that which is to [
come, entirely unfelt.
The deliberation with which he
perpetrated the crime, for which be
was executed ; the circumstances at
tending the deed; the trifling nature
of the provocation ; his avowed deter
mination to take away the lives ofoth*
ers, and his own history, which he
gave of himself when in prison, will ac
count for that (otherwise mysterious)
indifference with which he met his
fate. He was attended by six clergy,
men, who implored him, with tears, to
confess, and prepare for the hour be<
fore him ; the gallows was immediate
ly before him, and his grave and coffin
were continually in his eye; y«t be
manifested, or seemed to manifest the
utmost composure of mind. He fre
quently took a chew of tobacco, and
looked around, and contemplated the
thousands upon thousands, without the
least emotion. After the religious ser
vices, which were short, closed; the
culprit rose, and addressed the people
at considerable length, perhaps an
hour and a half. It was evident from
bis manner that he wished to put off
the awful hour, as long as he could,and
I think, he expected to be reprieved
under the gallows. He denied his
guilt, of which there could be no possi
ble doubt, and affirmed his innocence;
contradicted the history he had previ
ously given of himself as a pirate and
a man accustomed to deeds of blood.
Said that some of the jury had “trifled
with his blood,” and spoke in disres
pectful terms of the Judge. He be
came exhausted from speaking and sat
down for a few moments, when he ad
dressed the people again, but it was
nothing but repetition, and the sheriff
suggested to him the propriety of con
cluding, in which he seemed to acqui
esce without much reluctance. A lad
der was fixed to the Platform, and he
was asked if he could ascend that lad
der. He made no answer, that I could
hear, but ascended it with elasticity and
firmness. The sheriffs mounted the
platform with him, aod an awful me
raeni ensued, more awful than when
he was dying. The most profound si.
lence prevailed. Ten thousandfaces,
pale and ghastly from feelings of bor*
ror were gazing upon the Victim.
Great as the multitude was, nothing
could be heard, but the ratling of the
cord on the platform, and a whisper,
now and then, from the officers as they
hastily prepared him for dying. The
white cap was put over bis head, and
the knot to the fatal place. Tha
sheriffs, descended ; the platform wac
struck from under, and —— ■ ■—
a violent heave ofthe breast—a sudden
horrid trembling of the feet and bands,
and all was over.
From the Wheeling Gazette.
Important.—We copy the following
startling account from the Nashville
Banner of the 15thult. If it be, true,
it unfolds the most horrid plot ever
concocted in this country,—the South"
ampton tragedy in this state fading
into insignificance before it. The sum
,m?ry punishment adopted by the