EntrlUflenccr.
ROMNEY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1835.
lo France a new species of wheat,
which grows and ripens in 70 days,
baa been introduced into the Depart
ment du Nurd—the farmers state that
it will afford thr”e harvests annually,
and will grow well in all seasons.
Eighty years ago the mail was carri
ed between Huston and Philadelphia in
21 days. 1< is now received in 36
hours.—Met.
A man was executed at Charleston,
cn the 4th inst., fur the perpetration of
• murder committed in 1832.— lb.
OHIO AND MICHIGAN.
Our readers era apprised that the
governor of Ohio is getting ready with
• strong military force lo take posses
sion of the disputed territory. The
governor of Michigan is no less active
in his preparations of resistance. The
Detroit Free Press of the 22d ult. says
that on the day previous the legislative
council appropriated 315,000 dollars
■ to meet the emergency, and that every
arrangement would be made to give the
■ Ohio troops a warm reception. The
; same paper contains the following
. paragraph :
War! War ! /—Orders have been
: issued for volunteers to rendezvous at
Mulboiland’s, in the county of Monroe,
| on the first of September next, for the
purpose of resisting the military en
croachments of the state of Ohio. The
I territory it is expected will be on the
> alert, and we understand services will
i be accepted from all quarters.
We do not see how this matter can ter*
’ ruinate without bloodshed.— Wheeling
: Gazette, September 2.
I ffj* The Columbus (Ohio,) State
I Journal of Saturday last, after giving the
L above "order" observes;
Thus it will be seen, that the Legis
[i Utive Council of Michigan are deter
i mined to enforce jurisdiction oyer the
p disputed territory, end have backed
their proposition with an appropria
I lion of 315,000 dollars for the purpose
—also, that the bead quarters of the
f: army have been established, and or
■ ders issued for the assembling of the
; troops, Sec. We anticipate the most
serious consequences from these reck
"ngs, and see no probabil
will be averted without
of blood.
. less proceed
jty that they
jlbwaheddiog
(£7* It it stated in a Netv Yotk pa
per, that the Hon. Josiah J. Fisk, of
'Wrenham, Mast, has been appointed
Governor of Michigan. We know not
what truth may be placed in the ru
mor. The Washington papers are si
lent on the subject.—lb.
Gas versus Steam.—The Harris
iburg Intelligencer, in speaking of Mill’s
aerial voyage, and of bis passing over
,he Columbia Railway, remarks, that
is the steamer came puffing and srnc
ring along the Railway, the aeronaut:
tailed gallantly over the river, affording
he good people a fine opportunity of
tomparing the two rival modes of trav-!
tiling. A spectator says, the engineer J
urned up bis smokey visage, & spurt- j
d steam with great contempt at his j
nore lofty minded competitor ; while
be latter returned the compliment by
shower of sattd from one of his bal
ist bags. We are happy to state,
[ owevtr, that no damage was sustained
o either side from these jealous man
istations. Our pious forefathers, a
undred years ago, would have sworn
hat the foul fiend^was ridiug in them
oth. ‘—"ts
‘A SENATOR WELL FLOGGED.”—Un
I er this attractive caption, the Cinciu
J ati Whig publishes the story below.
■ lr. Morris is the Jackson senator in con
1 ress from Ohio. We presume the lead
ing statements to be true, though we do
[^admire tho barg froid with which
Ley are related. Are the laws in Ohio
[ipotent to shield the injured, that the
, w of hruto force must be resorted to t
A little son of Mr. George Abrams,
li highly respectable gentleman of Be
jel,) went into the orchard of Mr. Jef
(rson Morris, a son of the senator’s to
ither some apples, by Jefferson’s per
b'ssit'H, and being found on the pra
ises by the senator, was severely bea
to by him, with a ttemendous slick.—
Ihe boy repeatedly declared to Mor
is while suffering under the infliction
his blows,'oat J< ffersou Morris had
(ven him permission to take the ap
es. This, however, did not shield
re boy from a most cruel heating.
Mr. Abrams highly incensed at the
tatnieni his son bad received, me.
'■e senator in the stieet, a few days
jterwerds, and gave biin a very severe
fagging with bis flits. The Senator
tad three of his front teeh knocked
[it, (two of ti.tsn artificial,) and was
betwiue considerably maimed. Mr.
brams, however, ws? not induced to
. linquish his pugnacious bold until
•creams and entreaties of Mrs.
tcriis, (who had rushed lei the rescue
her Husband, now begging lustily
for quarter*,) had excited hi* compas
sion.
Soon as Morris found the hold of his
assa'lant relinquished, he took to his
heels with no inconsiderable expedi
tion. During his retreat, however, he
discovered a scythe hanging upon a
a ho(se*r8ck in front of a neighboring
store, which he immediately sei/,»d,
and with it tushed back upon his un
armed antagonist. Mr. Abrams now
retreated a lew steps With the view ot
picking up a brick bat near at hand,
which having succeeded in getting,
turned again upon Morris. At this no
rnent the latter threw the scythe at tile
former, which passed close to his head
without doing any injury. Morris be~
ing now depiived of hispotent weapon,
I once more took to his heels, and thus
saved himself from further castigation.
— Gazette.
Come at last.— Bv the annexed Cnrd,
published in the New Haven Herald,
! we learn that the long expected Com
et has at length made its appearance.
Tne honor of its first discovery (at
least in this country,) belongs to Pro
fessor Olmstead & Mr. Loomis of Yale
College.
Halley's Comet.—Yesterday morn
ing, August 31st., we had the satisfac
tion of first observing this interesting
| body, in the field of Clark’s great tel
j escope. The possibility ol confound
ing it with a Nebula, induced us to wait
for another observation, in order to as
certain whether it changed its place a
rnong the stars, in which case no doubt
would remain of its being a Cornet.
The approach of the twilight prevented
our ascertaining this point yesterday ;
but observations repeated this morning
plainly indicate a proper motion 5 and
being very near the place assigned to
Halley’s Comet, we recognize it as the
long expected visitant.
its present position is North of the
Bull’s Horns, a little below the vertex
of an t quilateral triangle, formed with
those two stars. It is nearly in a line
between the planet Jupiter and the
Pleiades or seven stars, and nearei to
the former. Or, more particularly, at
2 o’clock this morning, its right ascen
sion was 5h. 51m., and its declination
N. 24 deg., being about a degree less
than that derived from the elements ol
Pontecoulant, which are given in the
Connaissance des Terns for 1833.
| The appearance in our telescope is
that of a dim cloud, or halo, far less
luminous than the planets. Its magni
tude is such as to render it visible in
smaller tellescopes, provided they af
ford sufficient light. We employed
only our lowest magnifier (55) ; but the
fine light of this instrument, having an
object glass of five inches, gives it grear
advantages over ordinary telescopes in
observations of this kind.
DENISON OLMSTEAD,
ELIAS LOOMIS,
Yale College, Sept. 1, 1835.
A most amusing hoax has been play
ing off upon some of the editorial fra«
terniiy, by an article professing to give
a detailed account of some remarkable
discoveries made in the Moon, by Sir
John Hersckel, at the Cape of Good
Hope. The paper i3 prepared with
admirable ingenuity and talent, and
but for a few sentences, might have de
ceived the most watchful.
The Telescope with which the lunar
observations were said to have been
made, is described as being of extra
ordinary dimensions and power.
“Its object glass twenty four feet di
ameter, being six times as large as the
largest telescope of the eider Herscbel,
and of nearly seven tons weight.”
Among the discoveries said to have
been made by the astronomer, (son of
the great Heische!,) were the follow
ing :
“Dr. Herschel has classified not less
than thirty eight species of forest trees,
and nearly thrice this number of plants,
found in this tract alone, which are
widely different from those found in
more equatorial latitudes. Of animals
he classified nine species of inanialla,
and five of oviparta. Among the for
mer is a small kind of rein-deer, the
oik, the moose, the horned bear, and the
biped beaver.”
The length of the paper alone for
bids its insertion in our columns, for
though o mere fiction, it affords a rich
treat to the reader.— Compiler.
Shocking Accident.— The last
Hagerstown 'Torch Light states, that
a son of Mr. 'Thomas Higgs, of IVash
ingtou county, a youth of eleven years
of age, was almost instantaneously
scalded to death by the Jailing ofa
kettle of apple butter. The youth had
fallen asleep nut far from the fire, and
the cross piece to which the kettle was
suspended, being of tvooJ, burnt in
two, when the kettle fell, emptied its
fiery contents on the unf ortunate suf
ferer This should prove a warning
to others, to hare their kettles well se
cured.—(Juuib. Civ.
Lynch Law—Abolitionists, &c.
O’ In our last number we published an
account of the arrest of three persons
in the parish of St. Helena, La., suspec
ted of distributing seditious pamphlets,
and who afterwards acknowledged they
belonged to the Murrell gang, and that
one had made his escape, and sentence
had not been passed upon the other two.
Our information now enables us to state,
that the two in custody were tried by
the citizens, and the charges being fully
proved, they were sentenced tob9 hung
forthwith 1
We have just heard of an intended
insurrection of the negroes, in the
neighborhood of Farmington,(Bedford
county, Tenn.) We have not heard
particulars in relation to the manner
and extent of their plan. Some ten or
fifteen negroes, we learn have been se
verely whipped some of whom made
confessions of the whole matter. They
slated that some white men, who re
fused to tell them his name, was the
prime mover of the whole matter—he
has left the neighborhood and gone to
Nashville, as he told the negroes to aid
in doing something for the rescue of
Murrell. One of the most deeply im
plicated among the negroes was sen
tenced by the Committee of examina
tion, to be carried out of the country.
Some of them, we understand pro
tested, while under examination that
they would speak nothing but the truth,
inasmuch as it would avail them noth*
ing to equivocate, since they could calcu
late on nothing but certain death. Their
plan of villany was detected by dis
closing it to a white man, and asking
his aid in their diabolical scheme. He
declined their unhallowed proposition,
and together with a number of persons,
watched over their secret manceuvrings
at one of their nocturnal meetings.—
We shall hereafter be enabled to give a
more satisfactory account of the whole
transaction.—SItelbyville Freeman.
We learn from the last Lexington
Gazette that a man named James F.
Otis, said to be from the State of
Maine, and who had been visiting the
Springs, was taken up in that town on
the Saturday preceding, on suspicion
of being an Abolitionist ; but there be
ing no evidence of guilt, he was dis
charged, and as might be expected in
that community, a lively sympathy was
excited in his favor on account of the
injurious suspicion. On the following
Tuesday, however, the Richmond En
quirer was received containing an ex
tract from the Portland Argus, which
spoke of this same James F. Otis as
being at the Virginia Springs, and styl -
ing him “a furious Anti-Slavery Ad
vocate,” who had “delivered public ad
dresses on the subject, attended con
ventions, and disseminated so far as
bis public intluence extended, the dis
organizing, and detestable principles
of that crew of Fanatics.”
Truly the gentleman made a narrow
escape for although he may not have
done any thing since he has been in
Virginia, in violation of our laws, yet
there is no telling what Judge Lynch
might have done (wbo we are told was
hard by awaiting the issue,) if his true
character had been known.—Spectator,
Sept. 3.
Troubles in Haverhill.—Last even
ing (Sunday) Mr. May, the abolition
ists lecturer, attempted to hold forth in
Haverhill, Massachusetts. At the hour
of assembling, the meeting house was
tilled with numbers of both sexes, and
the lecturer commenced his discourse,
when a volley of stones and lighted fire
crackers were showered through the
windows into the pulpit and upon the
congregation, who immediately dis
persed. A piece of ordnance was
brought upon the spot, probably to
heighten the congregation.—Brigg’s
Boston. Bulletin.
From the New Orleans Bee.
A letter published in the Natchez
Courier, from Madison county, Mi. 24th
ult. states that few arrests and do new
developments occur there now ; that the
internal danger has passed ; and that no
just apprahenaioua need be entertained
of the few scattered remnants of the abo
lition crow.
But it contains a singular narrative
of a proceeding under the Lynch code,
in Livingston county, whither two bro
thers William and John Eatle bad
been sent by the committee of safety at
Vicksburg, in order to be tried there
where they were best known. They
had been implicated by Dr. Colton, as
intended leadets of the conspiracy in
Warren county. Judge Lynch’s com
mittee sat in trial on the brothers, con
fining and examining them separately ;
and each without any hope, fear or
compulsion confessed a knowledge of
the conspiracy soma months previously
—but denied having taken any part in
it. John indeed accused his brother j
and they both accused Boyd, who es
caped conviction at Vicksburg, end
singularly escaped pursuit in Madison
county, where he was chased with track
dogs for 25 miles—when he jumped
on a horse he espied in the woods, and
has not since been detected.
Towards the evening of enaminfg the
brothers Earle, William (as being the
eldest, most canning and most strongly
suspected) was taken from his confine
ment, and resort was had to the lash to
force confession. He amused his exe
cutionary judges with lies for a time ;
but finding the Lynchmen would Dot
be cajoled, he promised to make con.
fessfbn next morning when more com
posed. On going in the morning to
the jail, they found William composed
& deaf to their enquires and entreaties ;
he had hung himself during the night.
«John was again put on trial. He felt
glad that his brother had gone so : for
he himself would have been killed for
turning informer. Such was the oath of
the conspirators. He then stated more
minutely the facts implicating Boyd,
and his having himself been compelled
at Vicksburg by his own mother as
well as brother to prove an alibi when
Boyd was tried. He also narrated se
veral matters concerning the conspirai
cv, which proved him in the opinion of
his judges to be guilty. He was conse
quently condemned, and redelivered
to the Vicksburg committee, to be
brought to Warren county, where his
exploits were to have been: so that
judge Lynch has some method in his
madness.
O" The following article was crowded
out of our last number.
A BREEZE IN RICHMOND.
On Saturday, the 29th u!l. Judge
Clopton then holding a session of the
Superior Court of Law for Henrico
county, was applied to for a bench
warrant for the arrest of two men of
the name of Pryor, father and son,
from Alabama, alleged to be gamblers
by profession (ofgreat wealth,) who on
a visit to their relations in Henrico
county, had been guilty, as alleged, of
an enormous offence. A young gen
tleman by the name of Brown, who
preferred the complaint, stated that the
elder Pryor has married his aunt—
that he had appeared a few days pre
viously at his house on a visit—that he
had made base overtures to bis sister,
(and the niece of Pryor’s wife,) a
married lady of the name of Anderson
—that these had been urged with great
solicitation, backed by the offer of mo
ney to a large amount, which was re
jected—that in her husband’s anfi bro
ther’s absence, Mrs. A in the power of
Pryor, alarmed at his violence had
seemingly temporized, and intimated
that a future time would be more propi
tious for his purpose—that fie had yiel
ded to the delay, (taking however ma
ny indecent liberties,) and swearing he
was never foiled in what be undertook ;
that in the interval, she imparted what
had occurred to her husband, who
armed himself, & when Pryor again pre
sented himself fired upon him, lodging
many shot in his arm—that the Pryor’s
thereupon rushed armed into the house,
driving its occupants before them,
slabbing a cousin of the name of Blown
and taking posession of the bouse, and
splitting the furniture from cellar to
garret.
This wo understand to have been the
amount of the complaint, which being
publicly told, created a violent sense ot
indignation. As the PryorB it was said
threatened armed resistance, it was tho't
necessary to summon a possa to execute
the warrant of the court, and these ra
pidly advancing to the spot of the out
rage, met those individuals throe miles
on°the Brooke Turnpike, on their way to
the city ! in a carriage and four, with a
travelling carriage as a t rader. They sur
rendered themselves without difficulty,
and being escorted by what had grotvn a
troop, were carried before Judge Clop
ton, and by him turned over to the coun
ty magistracy. They were examined be
fore Messrs. John Shepherd, Jesso Sneed
and Isaac A, Goddin, justices ot the
peace; upon the evidence of young Brown
and others, ( Mrs. Anderson not present,)
R. T. Daniel, Esq. acting for the Com
monwealth, and Conway Robinson and
Shirley Cartor, Esqs. for the prisoners,
and admitted to bail in the sura ot $5000
each. Either (which is not probable)
unable to give the bad, or thinking the
jail more secure for the present, they
were conducted thither accordingly, and
there remain to be confronted with the
evidence—to be acquitted it innocent,
and punished if guilty. It was rumored
on Saturdy night, that having deposited
the a in on m of their bail, they would be
discharged without farther investigation,
whiebjobtaining currency, occasioned no
small degree of popular excitement. The
officers of the law, however, pledged
themselves that nothing of the kind was
proposed but that the prisoners should
be forthcoming to meet the charge, or
at all events discharged, if discharged, ,
in the day time.
The Whig of Tuesday further states
that: The Pryors were yesterday ad
mitted to bail by the Examining Court ot
Henrico County—the father in $°0UO,
the son in $4,501).
Ntu) Business.—Old bools and shoes
are now purchased by cart loads in
New York city, and taken to on es
tabliahment near Hariaem, where they
are manufactured into Prussian blue, a
species of paint very valuable, and not,
until recently, mads in this country.
^foreign fatter.
By the ship* St. Andrew, Taubman,
and John Baring, Haff, Liverpool pa
i pers to July SOth, and London to the
29tb inclusive, have been received at
New York.
The Steamboat which left Malta on
the 5th July, reports that the American
ship of the line Delaware, frigate Po
tomac, and schr. Shark, were going in
as she came out.
The painful subject of the Irish fam
ine was under discussion in the Brit
ish House of Commons, July 27th.
The steamboat Earl Grey blew up
on her passage from Rothsay to Glas
gow, July 25tb. Eight or nine per
sons lost their lives, and several more
were severely wounded.
During the sitting of the Court of
Peers on the 25th the Procurer Gener
al abandoned the prosecution of seven
of the Lyonese prisoners, and recom
mended the remainder to mercy.
The Cholera had broken out at
Montpelier, Aix and Beaucaire.
The engagement of the lSth in
Spain, was of more importance than at
first supposed. Particulars below.
A railroad is proposed to be con
structed between Paris and Belgium.
The estimated expense is 70,000,000
or 80,000,000 francs ; about 15,000
000 dollars.
Lisbon dates to July 19th mention
that M. Silva Carvalho was installed
on the l6'.h in the Finance Depart
ment, and that M. R. da Fonsca Ma~
galhaes had been transferred to that of
Justice. Messrs. Palmella, Saldanha,
and Louie retaining their posts. Only
M. Compos and M- A. Carvalho have
therefore retired.
London, July 27.—'The bill for a
bolishing imprisonment for debt has
at length passed through the Commit
tee ; but we regret that there are still
serious grounds of apprehension that
the session will expire before it shall
have passed into a law.
Elisondo, July 20.—I send you some
extracts of letters I have received from
Navarre,respecting the affair of tha l6tb.
Arbeizar, July 17.
“Cordova, after assembling at Lerin
the entire of his army, composed of 18,*
000 infantry, the whole cavalry, four
pieces of artillery, and half a Battery
of the Congreve Rockets, marched on
Artajona, where he slept on the 15th,
at night. Charles V., with 14 batta
lions, came and encamped the same
evening at Mendigorria taking a posi
tion in advance of the village, on the
left bank of the Arga.
“Early in the morning of the lfitb,
I the Chrislinos advanced in several
dense columns, and manoeuvred to at
tack the Carlist positions, with the sole
view of relieving Puente la Reyna, and
reinforcing the garrison. The engage
ment commenced at noon and continu
ed until near seven o’clock in the even
ing.
“The Carlist forces, though not half
the number of the assailants would
have gained a decisive victory had not
their ammunition failed and night come
on. They were obliged, from the
scarcity of ammunition, to relinquish
towards dusk the positions they occu
pied on the left bank of the river, and
ctoss over to the right, where the ene
my had not the courage to follow them.
“During the battle two companies
of Christinos feigned to pass over to
the army of Don Carlos, who were
preparing to the receive them like bro*
thers, when, on reaching within a short
distance of their lines, they opened a
tremendous fire on the unsuspecting
Carlists. But the latter soon surroun
ded them, and their chief having cried
out to his men, ‘Friends, let us exter
minate those traitors!’ every soldier
and officer of those two companies
was put to the sword.
“Thomas Reyna, at the head of his
squadron,charged four Christino squad
rons, & routed them with great slaugh
ter. This gallant officer had to avenge
the death of his excellent brother, Don
Vicente Reyna, who was cowardly
murdered under the walls of Puente la
Reyna two days before.
“The Carlists had 360 men hors dc
combat ; but the Christino3 lost 700
killed, and upwards of 1000 wounded.
“Three out of the 14 Carlist battal
ions were engaged in the battle; the
five others held positions on the right
bank of the Arga. It was at the bridge
of Mendigorria the enemy experienced
the greater loss. Thrice he attempted i
to force the passage, but was as often t
repulsed. I
“The Carlist army fought with great i
enthusiasm, burning, as it were, to i
prove to their king, that notwitbstand- \
ing the immense loss they met with in i
the immortal Zutnalacarreguy, victory
still clung to his standard. t
“The two armies are this morning e
separated from each other by the Arga, I
and the Carlists are loudly calling on |
their chiefs to lead them on again to i
the attack.
“The Carlists now occupy Manets
and the adjoining villages on the right t
[.bank ; the head-quarters are at Arbei
zar. The Chmtinos are matters of the j
village of Mendigorria, Puente la Ray. |
na, and Obanos.”
London, July 27.—Our private let
ters state that, on the 17th inst. in the j
evening, Don Carlos had, at Estella,
24 battalions of infantry, and 800 cav
alry, with the road to Burgos opeo tov i
him ; Pampeluna, in which Cordova, fh
and the main body of the ChriStinos f
are, being in his rear. If he make not
this movement, it may be safely infer
red that he is not confident cf its suc
cess. There are, however, so many
reasons assigned of the necessity for it*
that it is difficult to imagine why, un- A
less conscious of danger, he should not K
make it. One of these is, that (it is
reported and pretty generally believed)
the Northern powers would acknowl
edge him if once in possession of the
capital of any of the Provinces.
Our private letters state that ttrefr
British Consul at Bayonne was about
proceeding (on the 20ih instant) to the
head quarters of Don Carlos, with a
representation arising out of the viola
tion of the treaty with Lord Elliot.
Paris, July 25—A quarter to Four.
‘I have seen this roomemt a letter
from Madrid, of the 19 inst. stating
that all was tranquil and proceeding
satisfactorily for the Government.
•A telegraphic despatch received
here yesterday .from Bayonne, stated
that, in the forenoon, Capl. Harvey^
the‘British Consul, had crossed the
frontier with the necessary passports
from the Carlists to proceed to Patn
peluna: and thence to the head quar~
ters of Don Carlos.
‘A letter from Bilbaa of the 18tb|
states that the panic had entirely sub«
sided. That the place was deemed se
cure, but that the faction of Sopola was
still in the neighborhood intercepting
all communication with the sea.
‘The heat (91 or 92 degrees) occa
sions some alarm. At the Chamber
of Peers, the sun blazing on the build
ing, it is hardly possible to breathe-./
Each of the Members comes furnished
with half a dozen shirts, and changes
between the acts.
‘Four o’clock.
‘A decree of the Queen of Spain, of
the 19th directs the organization of
courts-martial fot the trial of all the
the enemies of the Government taken:,
with arms in their hands.
‘Instructions are also issued for all
officers to join the corps of reserve.
‘A report to the Queen on the state
if the country represents that the great
est danger was to be apprehended if
these and other prompt measures were
not taken.’ sr
RIPE FRUIT.
' Many cautions have been given a
’ainst the use of fruit, but it should ba
remembered the caution is again* un~
'ipe fruit. Tissot, who enjoyed a long
epuialion by his work on health and
long life, and who continued longer in.
;he practice of physic than is common'
y granted to the mo3t aged of men.
raid he never lost any children by the
all disorders, who had used ripe and
round fruit. Cara should be taken,,
hat, in guarding against the abuse,
ihildren be not withheld from the
iindest preservator of their health in
he most dangerous season of the year.
A Rowland for an Oliver.—A mee
ling of the citizens of St. Mary’s coun
ly, Maryland, having requested tba
Methodist Episcopal Church in that
;ounty “to discontinue holding camp
neelingsj in the county during the
aresent excitement” in relation to the
colored population, the committee thea
making arrangements for holding a
Camp Meeting, immediately met, and
jnanimously resolved to accede to this
■equesi, concurring in opinion that “alL
oupular assemblies are at this time
tighly improper,” and concluding with
t resolution that the citizens aforesaid
je on their part, “respectfully requested
o decline holding Horse Races, Treats,
md Barbecues.” The “Committee”
iad the “Citizens on the hip.”—Alex.
Jaz. e—= , ^
Distressing Drought.—We ao,
nformed by a respectable farmer, re.
iding at Mount Pleasint, about the
entre of Westchester county, that
he distress in a circuit of a dozen
nilei, is very great in consequence of
he long continued drought. Almost
very description of produce is either
vholly or partially destroyed, and the
torses and cattle are without grass—
n many acres not a spear is to be
een. The springs have been gradu.
illy lessening, during the summer and
lave now entirely failed. There has
ot been any rain since the month o.'
Lpril, and the sprinklings have no(
enetrated the earth to the depth of aq
tcb. r -j
An exhausting drought also prevails
long the southern shore of Lake Erie,
xtending inland fifty miles. No rain.
ias fallen for three weeks; and the corn,
mtatoes, and other vegetables are per.
shing.—N. F. Com
Q5** 24 convicts died in tbe Tenne*.
ee Peoiientiary of (he cholera, (ba
•resent season.