immediately replied aa <1 t tiad made inquiries iu the I
proper quarter, and I,ad ascertained that Judge White
hud not defeated llu* treaty referred to. The Southern
Recorder, which originated the report, now Guinea out in
explanation ot its stab-metil. and if we are not mistaken,
assumes a new attitude in vindicating the course of
Judge White in regaid to the treaty, and in reiterating
its statement. s.iy» .
11 Judge t\ title (we are informed) did Vote against
tvhat the J*ed«*ril l.iimn is d. a posed to call a treaty,
(although we bdo-ve tin* 1‘iesident now does not.) made
by unauthorised individuals, and which, from its very !
nature, must have been nugatory, whether tho Senate
tiad ratified it or not. And we add to our former <*lulc
inenl the lurllier remark, that we received our inforuia
«<m iu regard to Judge While's vole, from .1 member of
the same Congress, a personal friend of Judge White
and w hn it wu are not mistaken, derived his information
from Judire Wh.te himself. Wo can therefore have no
doubt of the uccuracy of our stateuient.'’
At from this st itement of the Recorder, it appears
i U,»J l!,«“ information it has imparted of the Senate’s sc
cret session proceedings, lias been obtained from a ineni
k °! ;'on-rjt‘,« “a personal friend of Judge IT hi it.,''
,r„ arrired his information from Judge mite him
sclJ> “ini us the President is erroneously represented as
not considering the arrangement entered into with the
lierokees, as such u treaty as should have been ratified
by the bonate, we have felt it our duty to apply in the
proper qu li ter for authentic information, and give below
mi extract from the President's Message* communicating
Ui* treaty, and the resolution of Judge While upon
which it waj rejected
“ I ho delegation who have signed the present treatu
have produced an authority from William Hicks, desig
nating iumself as principal chief, and other signers, the
same in an o theta I capacity. It is understood from the
n port of Major Currie, the enrolling agent, that notice
was given to the persons desiious of emigrating, to at
tend on a particular day and place, in order to appoint re
presentatives to communicate with the Government, and
to arrange the terms of cession and removal, in con
formity with tins notice, a meeting was held, and the au
thority here referred to was the result.
In consoquence of this opplioation, John II. Eaton
was appointed to meet and confer with them, and to re
port their views to the War Department. These are
unbodied in the treaty which is presented to your eonsi
ueration. J
“ Under these circumstances, l submit the matter to
the consideration o» the Senate. Tho practice of the
Government lias not been very strict on the subject of
a“ll“'r*Vr lhu pi'fsons negotiating treaties on the
part ot the Indians. Sometimes it lias been clone by per
sons representing the tribe, and sometimes by individuals
Composing It. 1 am not aware that a case similar in its
features to the present, has over before required the ac
tion of the Government. Hut, independently of the con
siderations which so forcibly urge a settlement of this
matter, no injustice can bo done to the Indians by the
ratification of this treaty. It is expressly provided; that
it will not ho binding upon them, till a majority has as
sented to its stipulations. When that is given, no one
ca;l j,lst>y deny its obligation.
i.ie Cherukees East ot the Mississippi occupy a por
tion of the territories of tour States, via. Georgia, North
Carolina, Tennessee, and Alabama. T he treaty pro
vides. that the communities inhabiting those divisions
snail each be considered us ucting for tliemselvc3, inde
pendently ol the others. Wo have frequently, in our
intercourse with the Indians, treated with different por
tions of the same tribes us separate communities. Nor
is there any injustice in this, us long us they are sepnra
ted into divisions, without any very strong bond of union,
ami frequently with different interests und viewj. liv
requiring the assent of the majority to any act which
will bind them, vve ensure the preservation of u principle
Winch will atlord adequate security to their rights
, . “ANDREW JACKSON."
White submitted tlio following resolution :
' oeso/red, 1 hat the Senate do not advise and con
sent to the ratification of the instrument of writing com
municated by the Message of the President on the J>;id
day of June, signed by John II. Eaton, as commissioner
on behalf ol the United States, end Andrew Ross and
others on behalf of the Chcrokees, and dated the 15th of
June, 1834, it appearing from said message and other do
cument* that s.ud Ilossand others were not authorized by
the Cherokee nation to negotiate any treuty with tire U
Stales. ’
H this treaty had been ratified, the -Indiaiw would
have promptly emigrulod —would have been quietly set
tled m their new homes, amply provided for—and the
Georgia difhcnlties with the Indian population forever
terminated. Tlio President is now compelled to renew
Ins e(torts to make a similar treaty, dilVering in no par
ticular in point of authority from tlio rejected one, und
varying but little m the amount of consideration.
JUDGE WHITE’S LETTER.
■, „ Kxoxvillk, Sept. 17, 1835.
ima . in Absence trom home for some weeks will
I hope, be a sufficient apology for my delay in ansvverimr
your letter. **
I wish it were in my power to make every one of my ]
constituents tully acquainted with every word I have lit
tered, and with every act 1 have done, us a Senator, dur- !
ing my whole term of service. Although it might he
discovered that l had said or done some things' which
were unwise, yet 1 feel a proud consciousness that no
thing would be discovered which would not show an
anxious desire to promote the public interest.
I most heartily approve the policy of the present Ad
ministration in removing the Indians settled within the
Slates and Territories, to the Western aide of the Mis- I
sissippi, and there settling them beyond the limits of any j
Slate or organized Territory ; and have given such uui :
os was in my power to effect that object.
During the session of 18:1!) and 1830, the plan wac I
submitted to Congress, and after a most laborious exami- '
nation and discussion, was sanctioned by that body. In
that examination and discussion it was my lot to lake no
inconsiderable part, and at that day those with whom 1
was associated were pleased to think my exertions-were .
of no inconsiderable value, l’ubtic opinion was iJion
much divided; it has now settled down in an approval
ol the plan then adopted. Many treaties have been
formed with the various tribes of Indians, aud numbers
of them havo been actually removed. Those residing
East of the Mississippi, to wit, the Chickasaws, C'Jmc
taws. Creeks, Cherokecs, and Seminole Indians, were
tiie hardest to convince that their interest would be pro
moted by a removal. All of these, except the Chero
kecs, have at length become convinced, coded their
country, and have either actually removed or agreed to
do so 'the Cherokecs yet remain, and parts of tlre-ir
country are iri 'l ennei -ee, North Carolina, Georgia, iukI
Alabama. To each of these States, it is a matter of n«
culiur interest that their ciaim should be extinguished I
and they removed.
in repeauMi muunice* the Uni tod State* have made 1
trestle* with the (.herokoes from theyear 1/oaup t > the
year lirili, and snleinniy boQiid iheiiiiK.'lves to guarantee '
to tiieiu tho country where they now reside. As earlv
as the year JtS02, the United State* inado a compact with '
the State of Georgia, in which tliey bound themselves
tora valuable consideration to extinguish the Indian title |
within her limit*, ho »o->n as it could he done on reason
able terms. On the one hand, Georgia -has boon press
ing for a compliance with this stipulation; on the other,
the Cherokeeii have been urging a compliance with the'|
guarantee contained in the treaties. These inconsistent
obligations have occasioned much embarrassment j
have maintained the doctrine, tfint if ho other govemmenl
were concerned but the Unii.d States, they w. re bouud i
to make good their treaty stipulations, by securing to the i
Indians the enjoyment ot the country guaranteed : but ;
Georgia was completely sovereign and independent
within her acknowledged limits, except no tar ok she had
expressly surrendered her sovereignty to tho United
State*; that sbe never had grunted the power to the I
Federal Government, by treaty or otherwise, to dispose \
of any portion of her Uinitory; and therefore, these guar
antee* to the indiniis could not.br/CoiiMlK'il iw;U: s^ieci- j
ficaliy, but must be compensated by pitying to the .Indian*
tho full value of their country, whenever the State chose
<o assert lier rights within lier own litmt*.
This subject i bad occasion to discuss, at length, Ih
the early part of the year 1830, and have maintained
tiiis doctrine, at all times and in all places, where it wa<
spoken of .n my presence, from that day to this.
On all occasions J linvc used every fair means in my
power to produce a disposition on the part of the Indians
to *#*11 out their claim* to the United State*, and remove; ;
and he who assert* to the -contrary tlotut himself great
injii9tiee, because he nsrert* that which is untrue.
By those who have latterly been disposed to find fault,
it has been alleged, that winter before last, the United
Slate* negotiated a treaty with the Cherokee*, which, if
ratified by the Senate, would have pul this question to
rest, and that I wh* opposed to its r.itificalimi.
it is true, at tho lime mentioned, Andrew Ko**, James
Starr, and some other*, cam* on to Washington, and
there made wbnt was called a treaty; and it in also true
that that instrument wa» submitted to the Senate lor ra
tification, and that the whole committee, of which I wa*
one mendter, reported against its ratification, on the
ground tbat it was not a treaty.
treaty i« a contract or agreement l» t\vccn tiro or
more nation* or coo»trie*, 4*o-gt*o it any validity it '
muvt have the a;*cnt of both pnrtiea, Tin* iimtru
ment, if ratified, waa intended to hind the IJnitcd
State*, on the on® |»r.rt, and the Cheroknt, huiiuna on the
<oth*r.
«wire w hoss and Ins party were not Chief* of Utet
nation; they did not pretend to represent the nation ;
they were not authorised by the nation to make n treaty.
t»or /ltd /hey pretend they had any each authority; and
then; was a prot/j/t tignrd, or pro!ended to be signed, by
almost the whole notion, against any attempt of their* to
mal e a triaiy '
Under these circumstances, j could find no principle
or precedent which would j.,st,(y mo m colling that a
treaty, which not only had not tlte ear. nt of the Indiana
biit was iiiado r.garnet their express wishes; therefore j
held myself hound not to recommend Us ratification. I i
sought information front the ttfiniuy of War and
zithers, and could find no one i/itw who could furnish ino
with either priocipLs or precedent for a course different
from that which I pursued Ji will be recollected, that du
ring a prior Adniiuisl/etiou, by some inadvertence, a Izea
ty had been made and ratified with the Creek Indians
which, upon examination, was found to be irUhaut aulhn
fity from the Indian*; and what were the eonserymu'emt,
A «ivd war, the prineipal Indian negotiators put to death
pnd the treaty annulltd by the President and tk'TiUtn.
With a full knowledge of all this, I could net recoin
inend the ratification ot this insti ument as a treaty, when
in my best judgment it wanted the essential requisites
to make it binding upon the parties.
It lias also been objected to me, that during the same
winter, 1 introduced and urged the Senate to adopt a reso
lution, requesting the President to negotiate with the
State ot Georgia for a portion of her territory for the
CIn ruhets.
It is true, such a resolution was recommended by the
unanimous consent of*lhe t'omtnitlec on Indian Affairs,
ot which I w«| t'liairiuan, and the Senate did not adopt
it. 1 was induced to give my support to that resolution
lor the following reasons: Georgia had extended her
laws oyer tin- Indians. She had parcelled out among
her citizens the Indian Vret'ilory .restm/ig to the Indians
t.’ir ti nets of land upon irhi. h l/i •,/ actually resided. Koss
and the other chiefs petitioned Congress to make good
the guarantee contained in the treaties. Georgia was
pressing to have the Indian title extinguished according
1 to the compact, and one »t the Senators had introduced
a lull, the lirst section of which provided that the United
States should purchase out front the Indians those set
tlements which had been reserved by the Georgia laws,
it they were willing to sell; and the second section pro
vided, if the Indiana would not sell, that then the United
Mates should purchase out from the individual citizens
their Jrr simple in those reservations, and vest the same
in the Imhuii occupants.
T nose various matters were all before the committee at
the vsiue time; and in addition to this, Koss and his party
communicated to the committee a wish, if nothing more
could he done, that the Fcd< ral Government should en
deavor to procure from Georgia a small portion uf her
territory, upon which the Indians might reside a fan
years, until they could lx* latter qualifed for the riril
Uoeerninrnt of the State of Georgia; and alleged that
sniiiC'influential uicn in Georgia had assured them, that
the State would be willing to make such an arrangement,
and it she would not when applied to by the Federal Go
vernment. that then the Indians would sell out their
whole country and remove.
In this state uj things, ami under these circumstance*,
I l gave my sanction to the resolution*, without tnuchex
| pcctaliou that Georgia would yield to the wishes of the
j Indians; but with u settled conviction that if Georgia
refused, that then the Indians could hare no pretext fur j
tinnier delaying a Unity; and I yet believe, if the Senate
had adopted the resolution, and Georgia had refused,
that before this time we should have had a trea'y with
I the fherokees. In this l maybe mistaken; therefore
Imd no fault with that portion uf the Senate who thought
diJteruntly. “
(IJuritjir the lost sr.-.smn of Congress, there were two
parties ot Cherokee* in Washington—one headed by
John /toss, and supposed to represent lire whole of the
Cherokee*; lire other by ltidge, anti snitl to represent a
'i.uall portion only. Memorials from both these parties '
! i,l-vn presented to the Senate, the first praying C’oii
L-resii to make good their treaty stipulations, and the Iasi
praying provision to be made for llieir removal West of
lite Mississippi. These memorials were referred to the
committee ot which I was chairman. Near the close of
the session, I was informed by tire Secretary of War,
that the Executive had been negotiating with Ross and’
Ins party for the extinguishment of their title to the
whole country now occupied by them, and that they had
disagreed as to the price to be given, and that Ross had
proposed to accept any sum which the Senate would sav
was reasonable, and therefore it was wished the Senate
should give its advice as to the price.
The dillicully at once presented itself, wiiat mode could
be adopted to bring the subject be/bre the Senate, so as
to enable that body to express its opinion. I took the
liberty of suggesting that the President ought to send a
confidential message, asking the advice of the Senate,and
then without doubt it would be given, as this had been the
Course pursued by President Washington ami the Senate
prior to the treaty of 17'JI, with this same nation of In’
mans. 1 lie Secretary afterwards informed me, that he
had conferred with the President, who declined sending
any message asking advice from the Senate; and thus it
appeared Hie negotiation must fall through, ns at that
time no other regular mode of bringing the subject bo
lore that body occurred l<> me, or was suggested l>y any
other person. Much solicitude was felt by several "mem
bers with whom 1 conversed, as well as by myself that
tire opportunity of settling amicably, a controversy which
had occasioned much trouble, and often serious apprehen
sions, should not be lost; anil in reflecting upon the sub
ject, a mode of bringing the matter before the Senate
presented itself to my mind, which was satisfactory. 1
stated it to the committee, they concurred in it, we
brought the case before the Senate, and it ended in’ the
adoption of a resolution which you have seen published.
Any statement or suggestion which lias been made’
that, either publicly or privately,] have said or done any
tiling since being a member of the Senate, with a view
in any respect-to delay or defeat a treaty with the Che
rokee*, is entirely erroneous: my best exeilions have
at all times, been used to effect that object; and when
tire resolution just alluded to was adopted, 1 fell that my
lusk was finished, and that a treaty would he the imme
diate consequence. Jfit liiils, the fault ought not to be
.placed to my account.
Von invite my attention to a resolution submitted by
, Renton, the object ot which is to expunge from lire
| Journals of the Senate, a resolution adopted the *d8th
j March, 1834.
I When the resolution complained of was passed, it did
not meet iny approbation, and my vote stands recorded
against it. Tire question presented at the last session wa*:
8!iali the Senate order it lobe expunged from the Jour
nals ?
i men thought, ancf sliII think, mich an order cannot
Willi propriety be made.
Tiie word “expunge,” mean? to “erase, rub out, can
cel, «,r otherwise destroy,” part of the Journal, so
Uiul Ucuntutl be read.
If an order is made to “ expunge" Uio regulation, it
I n,l,sl ,K* blotted out hi Jar t, ih,- order must uud will be
j expected, and so are tin-precedents,
j ^ think, the Senate iias nopower to do.
I The Constitution provides that each House shall keep
a Journal o! itsjiroceediqgs. The obnoxious resolution
was a pror ceding of the Senate. It further provides, that
upon tho application of one-fifth of the members the
vote upon any question shall be taken by yeas and nays
J-uch member u sworn to support tho Constitution.
ft was intended the .public should know from tlm re
cords what had been done, and by whom.
If this record is expunged, why may not the whole
record be expunged, us difit-rent parties predominate ?
Finch may expunge the doings of their opponents. If
tins resolution is expunged, how will it be known by
who*- votes it wan adopted ' What will prevent the
! resolution from being itself expunged some
time hereafter.' All tins tlie Constitution intended to ore
Velit. 1
J!ut why should it be expunged? The answer must be
t.) iCmove the stigma unjustly fixed upon the I’rcsident
by adopting jt. Now, tins 1 wish to accomplish, unit in
a manner unexceptionable. Instead of ordering liie re
solution to lie expunged, order it to tie “rescinded, re
! versed, repeated and declared to be null and void.” This
; P'-m will effectually remove tire stigma from the Presi
i ‘bmt, without running the risk of fixing one upon the
| Semite itself. We ought to do justice to the Chief Ma
gistrate, but, at the same time, we should do justice to
; the public, and to ourselves.
j It those who wish to use the word “expunge," do not
intend the record shall be-destroyed, but only to remove
Ube stigma, why me the word ? Why not use language
1 to snow what they urnan? TJicie can be no good reason.
I was content, til go as far ns I consistently could; but to
oid r the record to lie expunged, was, as 1 thought, a
plain violation of an important provision in the Cniiati
liiLian, llivreiore I could not ngr *e to give it my vole
1 endeavored to have- the resolution so amended, ns to
I ConIor,n to my views of corroctuoss, and after the word
| “e'pitHX*, was struck out, by a vote almost unanimous,
toe subject was-laid on the table, contrary to my wisii
a m! against my rotr.
Von say, and say truly, (lint tny vale upon the three
million appropriation, has been complained of by some.
'I his tluce millilfbs was an amendment nvnlo in the
Hobs*- Uie last night of tlie session, without any im-Hsnge
from the President, or any estimate of any Department -
it was made to a toll which bed been passed tiy the
Douse, and sent to tho Senate in the ordinary Course
without any such provision. The St nate had amended,
tiy increasing some appropriations for fortifications; amt
when these amendments were sent to the House, for the
first lime tills three million appropriation was thought of
and inserted, and from tho manner iu which the amend
ment wm worded, it was left discretionary with the Pro
snV.it to expend the money, or rmt. He might expend
it ns he pleased, hy inert-nsing Hie Army, the Navy, or
handing fortifications. This I Drought all wrong It
was throwing upon tin- President a responsibility In-long
in ’ to ( ongress. tt he expeuded the money, and tbeie
eixiuld he no war, he would tn,- censured for waste. If he
did lint cetpcnd it, and there shonld he war, he would he
censured for not putting the country in a state of deft nee.
I believed if an appropriation were necessary, the I'n-si
deril oorlrt to have sent a message, raying how much
war necessary, and for wlmt purposes, uud let the law be I
passed accordingly.
I ou\ not hr-her#, if probable {fare rwild be any diffi
i culty witii Prance be/orn the next session; I did riot be
1 lievn the President wished tin* appropriation; I tln.nght
if lie did . he would have applied for it in the regular
; fntK",i * thought if 'Uie appropriation were made, he
! would not knowingly h ive lb., money wasted; but I had
«ot Uje same c.anfidmiw m all others, and therefore be
I i••»**<< (iic Army, tlir Navy, atid wi ihow interested in
I oil.br .lions, would be induced to importune him, and
ttiat the money would be drawn fro,,, the Treasury *ml
expended upon objects of no permanent use whatever.
It ha* been said, I could easily have known his wislica,
if I had walked to his room and asked Thin may he
true; but I have yet to learn that my constituents tver
j Wished that I should degrade them, or myitlf. by onit
: y f,n<l Kr’ir>if to ask the private wishes of (he
I resident, for the purpose of making them the rule of
rny public conduct. It thin money was llnruglit neces
sary tor the public service, no snti*factory answer can be
given to the rjm stjo*, why was it notap#»Ievl for in Ihe
regular modef Why did the committee which had Ihe
* ten rib subject liefo re tliern the whole session, delay mov
ing this appropriation un<H in the night of the very last
dsv of the s<**ion f The truth in I did not know’ who
had proposed the amendment; I did not know whether
the President did. or did not, wish it. I knew it had
not been regularly applied for; thought it wrong, and
tlut it would be unkind to throw on the Administration
i» ie*p .mobility which Congress ought to bear; therefore
voted against it, and the result has proved that my course
was correct.
You next refer to my course upon the bill to limit Ex
ecutive power, mid to reduce Executive patronage.
When this subject wuh before the Semite, I look occa
sion to state the reasons for my course so fully, us to
render it unnecessary now to say much on that subject.
It was a subject which had excited much interest while
Mr. Adams was President of the United Slates. 1 form
ed the same opinions then which 1 expressed last winter.
The subject was again before the tJ.MiaU- in L<tO, and at
that time my opinions were the same they had been in
t<?'»(), and yet are. I firmly believe they were the same
principled entertained by Mr. Jefferson and by the politi
cal party to which I belonged. I not only believe they
were the principles «d the present Chief Magistrate, but
thought 0110 groat object of the struggle to bring him into
P°'v» r was to maintain, and to carry out by lemslati ve en
actments, and by Ins practice, these very piinciples.
I would have held myself dishonored us a man, and
felt a.i if bringing disgrace upon the Republican party, and
more especially upon the Chief Magistrate, if I had
maintained one sol of principles n> ucuuire place ami pow
er, and tlii'ii for the purpose of retaining them, attempt
ed to practice upon another.
No matter who is the President of the United Stales,
I firmly believe the Executive power ought to be limited
within the narrowest limits compatible with an adminis
tration of the tioverninent; otherwise all rjficinU agency
vj the people, in their own atfuiis, will soon he lost.
If the executive |x.wcr and palr.-nagc he left ns they
now are, and we should ever have u popular Chief Ma
gistrate willing, from any motive, to lend his influence,
mid to use hi* patronage for the purpose of designating
mid electing his successor, then will this tremendous
power be felt; and if it does not end in the destruction
of those rights secured to the people, and substitutin'' in
their place the will of one mail, then shall 1 think the
people of the United Stales a peculiar lace, and more
Highly favored of Heaven than any who have preceded
them.
1 was born under a King, hut raised and educated in a
Republic. To secure to my posterity the same freedom
tor which our lathers toiled, it is essentiul that Executive
power and patronage should be limited by law, otherwise
the day may not be remote, when we will have in fact a
monarchy, and it the more odious, because the deceptive
form of a Republic may be continued. la-st you may
not have seen it, 1 send you a copy of what l said on this
•object last winter. The opinion* then expressed re
| main unchanged, and until convinced of my error, 1 shall
j adhere to them in every situation in which 1 may here*
I after be placed.
In consequence of my course upon those different sub
jects, it lias been alleged that 1 have abandoned, or mu
to abandon the Administration, and in future to act with
tin.* Opposition.
Why should I alone be singled out, nnd mad.* the sub
ject ol such a charge ? Upon each of these subjects, ex
cept the appropriation of the three millions, others,
friends of the Administration, have thought with me,
and voted with me; yet no such charge is "nude against
them; and as to the vote upon the three millions, 1 "think
it one of the most correct I have ever given.
A* to my quitting the Administration and joining the
Opposition, the idea is fanciful. This can never happen,
unless the Administration abandon the principles upon
I which the President caiiui into power. I practise upon
the maxim, “every thing for measures, nothing for men."
After having been so long in the Semite,and so often rc
j cording my opinions upon the leading measures of the
Administration, I must be destitute of common sense, as
Well as co union honesty, were I now to practise upon
political principles di tie rent from those heretofore avow
ed and practised upon.
You will perceive that in this letter I have touched
upon one topic not embraced in yours; my reason for hav
ing done so is, that another letter from a friend, received
after yours, requests information upon that subject; and
as I intend answering both letters in one, have made this 1
an answer to the inquiries in both.
Instead of complaining of the coarse censures which j
have been heaped upon me since the adjournment of
Congress, I ought to be thankful that my enemies have
not been able to point out any act for which I do not feel
1 ean assign n satisfactory reason to my constituents.—
Their good opinion is every tiling to me; many of them
have known me through almost every grade ol life, from
a plough-boy to a member of the Senate of the L' States.
I heir continued and unshaken confidence has stimulated
and sustained me, when, otherwise, 1 must have sunk un- :
der severe utlliction; and now I feel a proud consciousness, :
if any one of them asks, why 1 have done any puriicularact J
while in public employ, 1 can assign to him such reason*, '
as will show that if I um not a wise man, 1 am at least
not dishonest.
Most respectfully, your obedient servant,
HU. L. WHITE.
J A. WlItTKSlXJK, Esq.
Wtii'AUX.
(from tlic j\\ Y. Juurtui/ of Commerce.)
SEVEN DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE.
By the packet ship England, Capt. Ciioisy, we have
London papers to Sept. 7th and Liverpool to the 8lh, both
inclusive.
the contest between the two Houses of Parliament,
growing out of the Municipal Corporation Bill, wus still
pending,but with a fair prospect ol a speedy adjustment.
Parliament was expected to be prorogued in the course
of two or three days.
The Cholera was raging iti several of the pu'ncipal
cities ot Ituly, Genoa, Florence, Leghorn and one or two
others are mentioned. At Genoa, to the 25th August,
there hud been 1058 eases and 31>8 deaths. “Eight phy
sicians ot that city and the celebrated Raoahini” had
bet n among its victims. '1 lie usunl autumnal reviews of
Austrian troops in Lombardy are not In take place this
year, in consequence of the presence of the scourge.
In Algiers the ravages of the disease were still greater.
Eight hundred nnd filly had already died in the military
hospitals, and the whole loss of the colony up to the 22d
Aug. amounted to 12< 1.
Due of the 28 prisoners who escaped from St. Pelagie
Deluguii by name, was re-taken in Paris August Hist.
A Loudon paper of Sept. Hrd says, “This" American
Charge d’A U rns' (Mr. Vail's) visit to Paris was on a
diplomatic mission from his Government, there not be
ing »t present an American Envoy, since Mr. Livings
ton's departure, at the Tuilcrics. Mr. Vail, on his de
parture Irtnn Dover lor London, received the salute as
Ambassador.”
An order Ins been issued by the French Government,
withdrawing the authority previously gianted for dismis
sing the soldiers of the classes of 1828 and 182!), as well
!*? V,Mt allowing six months’ leave of absence toOlhccrs.
I his is said to he in consequence of some rather equivo
cal movements on the part of the Northern powers.
Liverpool, Sept. 8.— Ministers nnd the House of
Commons have amply justified the confidence reposed
in them by the fiiends ol effectual and temperate reform
by the course which they have adopted wilh regard to
the alterations made by the House of Lords in the Mu
nicipal Reform Hill. That great measure has been re
turned to the Upper House, after having been maturely
considered by the representatives of the people, and it
has gone hack, it not quite ns good a measure as it was,
when first proposed, still one of the most valuable plans
of improvement proposed or effected, in the present n<re
in the institutions of tlie country, it has gone hack the
Slime in spirit as it came from Ministers, hut ho judi
ciously modified in all non-essential points, that the
Lords have found it impossible to reject it, without-in
llicting at once nn injury on the people and nn insult nn
their own friends in the Lower House, who have wisely
assented to the bill in its re-amended form; and especial
ly ,l" Sir Robert 1'oel, the ablest man ot' llieir parly, who
hud done hiuiHcli the highest honor by the frank and
manly support which he lias given to most of the leading
principles of the measure. They have, indeed, made
two alterations in tho re-amended bill, both of considera
ble importance, neither of them justiliiblr, and which it
is doubtful whether Ministers and the II.nine of Com
mons will or Ought to assent to, hut they have yielded
much, and we, therefore, do not despair of nn amicable
arrangement, or ot a uscliil and popular meusuic.
I lie conduct of Lord John Russell and his colleagues
in this nll'-ah is worthy of universal admiration. They
have succeeded in effecting what appeared almost an im
possibility, namely, in preserving the most valuable
parts ol the bill, nnd the reconciling the more reasona
ble lories to the measure. The bill still secures the rate
payers of the towns affected by it (lie election of their
municipal governors, still puts an end for ever to
the exclusive system, stdl enables tlfem to elect the
members ot the municipal body from the mass of
the rate-payers, nnd still secures complete nsponsi
bihly m the governors to the governed. Yet this bill
went buck to tho Lords supported by Kir Robert Reel
and Kir William Foiled, mid every rational Tory in the j
House of Commons, nnd the Lords were compelled i
either to pass it, or to insult their friends and ruin tlteir i
parly.
• he two principles on which Ministers have acted,
have been to retain every thing necessary to secure free
and pure municipal government, and to sacrifice every
tiling not essential t«> that object. They have it is true
made some Considerable sacrifices, and have even sur
rendered some points which their Iriends would vi ry
gladly have seen maintained, hut they have made no sa
crifices which will prevent the inhabitants of this and all
other corporate towns choosing th ir own Covtrnor>
and choosing them from the only class ever likely to re
ceive their suffrage#—namely, those Who are In tolerably
easy circumstances, and able to afford the lime necessa
ry for discharging their duties with effect.
The most important points of the hill are the nature of
the franchise— the composition of the Council_the mm
lificalion for the office of Councillor, and the frequency
of elections. Jf the bill should pass in its re-amended
form, the franchise will ha vested in all inhabitants v.lio
have paid rates lor three years -the Council will be com
posed of persons elected by the rate-payers, or chosen
by the new Common Councils—alt persons possessing
property of the value of £1000 in large, and £500 in
small towns, or paying rates on an assessment of £.Jo
p> r annum in largo, and £15 in small towns, will lie eli
gible as Councillors, and none will be elected for more
than six years, three-fourths of the Councillors being
elected f,,r not more than three.
The clause compelling the salo of the presentation of
Corporation livings, appears to us to be one of the be*i
in the hill. These livings have produced all manner of
jobbing and favoritism, have covered the Corporations
with obloquy—an l hold out temptations loo strong for
the virtue of Corporations either of the old or the new
regime. The sooner they are dis|>osed of the belter, es
pecially as this is the only method by which the feelings
of' Churchmen slid Dissenters can he satisfied.
The two (joint* which the L<.rJ* luve refused to con
cede are the following:—First, they insist Hist boroughs
with only 0000 in liabi to ids shall be divided into wards;
of course, that the electors, being split into small frac
tions, may be Corrupted, influenccdand intimidated more
easily; and, secoiylly, they insist that the borough
Magistrates, who lor centuries have been chosen by the
corporate bodies, shall in Inline be appointed by the
Crown, or in other words, by the Minister for the time
being, the Common Councils not being allowed even to
have fin* nower of recommending the candidates l« r the
oltice. Two more scandalous alterations never disho
noured the name of amendments than these. The Com
mons were to consider them Inst evening, and we have
very sirong doubts, indeed, whether they would or ought
to agree to them. *
The course which Ministers would recommend, and
the House of Commons take last night, relative to the
two points ou which the Lords have refused to agree
with the Commons, namely, the division of the smaller
boroughs into wards, and the appointment of local niogis
<rates, was quite uncertain, up to Saturday night. Itutli
Ministers and the House Rtrongly disapprove of the
amendments, and it is not improbable tliut they will re
ject them, and demand a “Free Conference" with the
Lords. Lotd John Russell lias written to all the friends
of Government, begging them not to leave Loudon until
the points in dispute are arranged.
London, Saturday Keening, Sept. 5.—Notwithstanding
the dillieulties by which the progress of the Municipal
Corporations Rill was impeded last night in the House of
Lords, no effect was produced on the funds, the general
impression remaining the same as yesterday, niter the
spirit of mutual concession displayed on both sides, that
all will be amicably adjusted, and the session of Farlia
nient brought to a close l>y the middle of the week. The
Knglish funds have been perfectly steady a lob-ml l-S per
cent, lower than yesterday, Consols Icuving off at UU 1-2
to 5-8 for tlie uccount.
sin Rouenf Pkkl atTa.mwokth.—A public dinner
was given to Sir Robert l’eel ut 'i'uimvorlli on the fourth
of September, on which occasion he of course made a
speech. We quote the following extract :
"It might be said that 1 am cautiously avoiding to make
any reference to America, but that 1 confine myself sole
ly to the countries of Europe. It might be said, and 1
know it will be contended, that the democratic principle
h is been successful in America. It will be said that un
der this Government the people enjoy civil and other
rights almost to equality, and yet that country is able to
deiend itself from, and even to punish aggression from
abroad. 1 shall bo told, if 1 look to the Slulcs of Ameri
ca, l shall find an adoption of the popular principle lias
been successful there. Very well, 1 look to the States
of South Ainericu, where the popular principle has been
incorporated, mid can 1 acknowledge that it has been
successful in those State, when almost every newspaper
that reaches me talks of insurrections among them ?_
(Hear, hear.)—What has prevented the establishment of
I a regular government in those stales if the form of a po
pular one was so very good ?—(I liar, hr.nr.)—If the prin
ciple is coriect by which we are told that we can govern,
and that there is no advantage to be derived from our
ancient institutions, and from obedience to authority,
how happens it that revolutions in the slates 1 have just
mentioned do not form exceptions, but rather a general
rule? (Cheers ) The real revolution that will happen
in South America will bo that by which a regular and
permanent government will be established in that coun
try. (Hear, hear.) 1 have admitted that the popular
form ijt government has been successful in the North
American Suites, hut 1 deny the general position, that
because it has succeeded there it will suit this country.
North America is a wide and extensive country. It con
tains a vast tract of land unoccupied, to which the dis
contented and disaffected can he sent, and its position
"lone makes it widely different from England. The re
publican institutions that will suit a ne”v country may
not for that account suit a country which contains men
educated as we are, subject to such laws as we are, and
holding property by such rights as we do, nnd having
prejudices, (you may call them prejudices, if you will,;
that connect us with the ancient monarchy of England.
(tsoud Cheers )
" Let it not bo understood that from what 1 have sail! I
bear nny ill will towards the Americans. No! on the
contrary, I wish them all possible success to iheinse]ves
as well ns to their government. Let them believe me
when 1 say, that 1 would rather see them happy under
their republican institutions, than see any form of go
vernment, even monarchy, to which I am so much at
tached, confirm the happiness of that people. Though we
received accounts of the happiness of the people of the
United Mates, 1 do not see that that is any reason why
this country should adopt a republican form of Govern
ment. (Hear, hear.)—But 1 had happened to read u pa
per which I shall quote; it is an uuthority—1 allude to
an article which 1 read in it on the 85th of August, lodo.
Mind, the paper I am about quoting from, is not a Con
servafive journal, but one that strenuously espouses the
cause of (lie piescnl Government. 1 quote the extract,
not (hat 1 have a wish to show the unhappiness of the’
people of the United States, but when 1 was told of the
happiness of the people of that country, 1 was rather
startled at the article in question, and i». gavo me much
reason to doubt of the vaunted happiness of the inhabit
ants of the United Slates, when 1 find the following ar
ficle inserted in n journal that professes to be the organ of
the present Government:—“The news contained in the
New York papers which have been brought over hy (he
Philadelphia, are full of melancholy interest—an insur
rection amongst the slaves in Savannah—the spread of
the summary mode of punishmenl called “Lynch law”_
(By the by, by Lynch law is meant hanging a person
without trial)—(a laugh)—and the hanging of five gam
blers at Vicksburg without trial—acts of aggression on
tbo |»art of the authorities of Michigan upon ilic inhabit
ants of _ Toledo, Ohio—and the seizure at Livingston,
Mississippi, of two abolition preachers, «nd of seven ne
groes, w ho appeared to have been hanged in the streets
by the exasperated inhabitants with a small form of tiial,
scarcely constitute a bare catalogue of enormities which
these papers contain." Gentlemen, this is the testimo
ny of the English paper 1 allude to, and the following is
the testimony of the A cm York Evening Post-.—"The
account which ive publish in another column from an ex
tract of the Toledo Gazette will be perused by our
readers with regret. With civil feuds in the North,
tumultuous proceedings of an anarchical and fatal charac
ter in the West, and a servile war in the South, to say
nothing of the factious and incendiary spirit which has
lately broken out in various parts of our Atlantic border
the country doth in truth exhibit at present a spectacle’
to tiie European nations, which we fear will be commented
upon in a way not calculated to recommend the example
of a popular Government.” Now, gentlemen, if you
only bear in mind what has been the issue of similar
experiments, you will not very much indulge in a popular
Government. ’
FRANCE.
In the sittings of Sept. 1st, Hie Peers voted, without
the slightest amendment, the liill against Juries by a
majority of 74 to 85, only three of its opponents, M. M.
I*c Dreaux-Ureze, Dobouchnge and Mourner, having
ventured to encounter the murmurs of their servile co£
leagues. 8‘J to 3 carried the Hill for granting pensions
to the. wounded anil families of the slain, on the 88th;
ami 88 to .5 voted the 300,000 francs required for the ex
penses of the grand funeral nnd Te Drum, by which the
Government so artfully favored the introduction of the
French Hills. In tile course of the sittings, which the
Duke of Orleans attended, the Keeper of the Seals pre
sented the main Hill against the Press, which had just
■ passed the Deputies, nnd a committee was immediately
appointed, consisting of M.M. De Haiante, Bastard,
Cousin, Girod, Guilleminot, de Morternart, Seguier,
de Saint Aulaire, and Villouiain, the last mentioned
gentleman being the only one from whom the slightest
opposition can be expected. [The Commit tee reported
on the oiii.J '
LoXdojX, Sept 7.— Wc have received, by express, the
French papers of Saturday, and the Gazette Je France
dated yesterday.
I lie King was still at the Tuileries, contrary to his
usual custom at this season, nnd v.e regret to lind that
circumstance attiiliuled to continued and even gr«>win <
apprehensions of personal danger. One fact seems to
excite attention and curiosity. M Ln flit to has been more
than once to visit his Majesty. Of Filer It’ we hear lit
tle or nothing; but the enquiries into the origin of the
plot of which lie was agent, continued, and were suppos
ed to have some success. Pepin, the grocr r, said
to have effected his escaped into Belgium, disguised ns .i
Belgian Government courier. The opposition of Jour
nalist^ to tig* law against the Press remains ondiminish
ed. The Chamber of Deputies assembled on .Suturday
to receive and decide upon petitions;—the Clumber of
Peers to receive the report of the committee, to which the
law against tin; I ress hud been referred, and transact
other business.
It appears that the French Government has anticipat
ed liiu designs of the Court of the East. The project of
a large loan, the augmentation of the troops in Austria,
Prussia, nnci Russia, the military assemblages and re
views, the gratuities granted to the Austrian officers,
with other incidents, at this time, when the differences
in Spam are still unsettled, account for the resolution
come to by the French Government to recall all tin? fur
loughs granted to officers and soldiers, and to augment
the army ill case of need. Resides, the absolute Pow
ers st em to rely upon the Tories in Ffngland gaining the
victory, but the news from London will tend to damp
their /.'•»!.”— Vert* Conetitotionnrl.
SPAIN.
Loxnox, Sept. 5.—The Monitcur, on the authority of
letters from Saragossa of the 8tith till , confirms the in
telligence of the check which the Carliut expedition from
Navarre inloArragon hod experienced. It had reached
Rndn on the 24lh, nnd was said to have suffered severe
ly. In Arragon, ft grentdenl ofcnlliuaiasin had displayed
itself in favour of the cause of the Queen—On the 30 th
at AImarza, in the province of Soria, Merino had sus
tained a defr it. and left 300 muskets on the field of bat
tle. Don Carlos had sent General Maroto towards San
tander, and guerillas, on the Castile road, to support him.
It was (his which had produced the belief that n new at
tack on Bilboa wm meditated.
Losnos, Sept. 7. —The French papers of the 5th are
chiefly filled with accounts from various part of Spain.
According to n telegraphic communication which ap
pears in the Moniteur, the Narnrrese insurgents were
on the 3l*t at Org.mia "menaced" by Gurrca and Gen.
Psslor. Nothing of it decisive nature had lately taken \
place at tin* seal of civil war in 8paii\, 'I'lie Pretend
era movement* have become very uncertain since the
ceatli ot Zuinul.tcarregtti, .mi seem to he determined by
H" *‘ \ed pluu. Neither is he able to keep together any
numerous lorco. 11 in troop.* seem to be ut present di
t idi d into smnll corps, each acting under a separate
duel, apparently without any concert. In Bari relona, I
according to accounts of the 27th, ulso referred to by the
Mointeur, the attempts to excite the public mind was
continued, but owing to the speedy repression of the late
riotous movement in Madrid, the liarcelonians hud been
krpt buck. I lie uui I»«niiif« were or^iniziiitr forty com
pamcHol slaUonary National Guard, for the service of
the city. I lie Lrban Militia, and the oilier troops, were
ocxuned for active service. The foreign legion, -1 (MXI
strong, which came to Tarragona from Aimers hud re
ceived orders to proceed to Eeridu.
The private correspondence of the Constitutionnel
from Bayonne giv. s an account of the first ulfuir in
vvludi the British auxiliary legion has been engaged_
A division consisting of 4IXK) men, partly EnghBi volun
teers, and partly Chapelggries, under Evan* and El Pas
tor, hud set out from St. Sebastian, in the direction of
Eruaui, and on the 2.1th ult. had urrived in a place called
Oiumendi, where the Cnrlista hud intrenched them
selves in two buildings strongly fortified. These build
ings were attacked, carried, and destroyed. One hull
“red and fifty ot the enemy fell into the bund* of the us
sailants, and u great many oiore bad been killed during
the assault. I be English volunteers are described as
having acted w ith great courage and firmness, but two of |
tlieir officers having been wounded, were obliged to be
carried back to St. Sebastian. After this first essay, the
division was marched tiguinst Moreno. Forced to aban
don their position in the iieighbmhoud of Ernani, the
Carlist* before taking to flight, had treated the inhabit
ants with the most Revolting cruelty, and many of them
had been obliged to seek retugo on board the Flench cor
vette Sappho. This account has since been continued
by our own cot respondent at Bayonne.
Paius, Sept, o—The following is the postscript of our
1 an* Hotter, dated Bourse, u ipiarlei to lour, Sept. 5 :
“A letter from Barcelona of the Until, states that that
town reunins trumpiil, and that the array and training
ol the militia, and ot the Mi<|u.*Iets in particular, was
proceeding with activity. The Captain General had id- j
teady gone out agaUivt the Carhsts with a battalion of
militia arid some troops ot the line. rrhe writer further
states, that three united provinces, Aragon, Valencia and
j ut a Ionia, were deleimincd to stand by each other to the
E..I. I hey do not require the Constitution of 1612, os
lias been said, but they do insist on liuving a charter like
that ot France or Belgium, and on that condition they
will uphold the rights of Isabella. As a proof of their
determination, they arc resolved not to forwurd a shilling
to Madrid, until u pledge is given that constitutional in
stitutions will be granted, and that the public money shall
be applied to its legitimate objects—the first being to
crush the Carlisl insurrection, and not given to courtiers
and griping financiers.
t* 10m me tourior r rtincnix, rept. 3.]
Don C 'arlos and his army preserve up to this moment,
the advantage which the power to net on the offensive
coolers on the belligerent. General Cordova, reduced to
inaction, similar to that of Valdez, remains intrenched
within h;s position, and dares not risk an engagement.
(Jn the oilier hand, the revolution is spreading"and-as
suniing a regular form, extending from Cutalonia to
Andalusia. Cadiz and Carthagena liave made move
ment* against the monks, similar to those of Barcelo
na, Sarngossa, Murcia, and Valencia. The people of
Granada have driven the garrison out of the city._
1 .■>truinadiiri lias likewise risen; a movement has even
been effected in Corunna. A few districts of the pro
vinces ot La Mancha and Castile alone acknowledge
Inc authority of the Queen. Can she procure from
them resources to pay her army ? The last accounts
from Madrid announce that the Government funds are
loU.ly exhausted. Valencia has set a fatal example,
which will have imitators. Instead of paying the Trensu
ry, the lntendanl of the province has placed the money
he had received at the disposal of the lusuriectionary
Junta. Deputies of the Cortes are every whereat the
head of the movement. Caballero, Las Navas, Homan,
Simproni, and Palafox, have arrived at Saragossa, from
whence they intend proceeding in different directions.—
Count Almodovar, the President of the Chamber of l\o
curadorcs, directs the operations of the isuiur^cnU of Vu- !
lencia. All the news and Proclamations that reach us
from hpnin confirm us in the opinion that a grand con
federacy is in progress of organization. AU the pro
vinces are now acting with an tusembte. which must
shortly bring about the triumph of the revolution.”
SPAIN.
By the ship Empress, Copt. Hartshorn, which sailed
fiom .Malaga on the 8th ultimo, we have received intelli
gence from that city to the 7th.
I he revolutionary spirit which caused the movements
at Saragossa and Barcelona, in the latter end of the
mouth ot July, had spread with grenl rapidity to all the
provinces situated on the Mediterranean—to Valencia,
Alicant, Murcia, Carlhagena, Grenada, Malaga, Cor
dova, Seville, and Jaen, and there seems every proba
bility that ere this, it has reached the interna] provinces
of La Mancha, Lstremadura, and the two Castiles, not
excluding Madrid. 1 lie National Guard appears to have
taken a prominent part in putting down the lute order of
things, and pioclaiining, in its stead, the Constitution of
*'"l ”• At Malaga, the Governor appointed by the Queen
placed himscit at the head of the movement, and, sup
ported by all the National Guard, and even by many
regular troops of the garrison, met with little or no se
rious opposition. At the Convent of San Francisco,
where u guard of soldiers was placed for its protection,
a few citizens were killed by the troops, who, however,
wore soon overpowered.
I he people generully were highly excited. Ribands
bearing the inscription Constitution u Aluerte, were worn
on their haU: their cry was, “ the Constitution, the Con
stitutional Isnbellu 11. untl Libert if." Against the monks
and liiars their rage scerns to have been particularly di
rected. in some places they were killed, in others driv
en away. The monasteries have all been closed, and
some ot them (the finest edifices in the Southern provin
ces,) reduced to ashes. All the civil and military officers
appointed by the Queen, who refused to join the revolu
tionary party, were deprived of their stations, and these
filled with Ultra Liberals. Some private letters say. that
the revolution was brought about by the Constitutional
ists, with the view of preventing the accomplishment of
a plan of Louis 1‘liillippe, which was to affiance the el
dest son of Don Carlos to the young Queen, and place
him on the throne, and thereby cheek the further pro
gress of liberal opinions, as well as put an end to the war
m tfie Basi|ue provinces.
It is all very well to ery Isabella the Second; but under
tin’ Constitution of I81‘J there is very little power indeed
left to the sovereign, and how she or any other sovereign
can govern a country divided as Spain is into two parties,
professing and acting upon pi inciples diametrically oppo
site, we cannot conceive.—A'. Y. Courier Enquirer.
b non Lisbon.—A letter by the brig Old Colony, from
Lisbon, dated August lil'th says, “our Charge has pre
sented Isis credentials. I am in hopes he has full in
structions for a commercial treaty, as I am informed by
a friend who has access to know that the young Queen
is desirous to establish a commercial treaty with the
United Slates. She signed articles of marriage last Sa
turday to the brother of Leopold.”—A*. Y. Ec. Cost.
EIGHT DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE.
Nf.w York, Oct. 16.—By the packet ship Orpheus,
Copt. Buraley, from Liverpool, we have later advices uml
papers up to Sept. lOlli, inclusive. VVe have lime to
give but a few items:
The Municipal Corporation Bill lias passed tlio Com
mons in its mutilated state from tlu* Lords, and received
the concurrence of the Lords and roynl signature.
Lord John Russell, at a meeting of the reformers of
parliament, discussed the amendments of the Lords,—
the most objectionable of which were the cutting up of
Use small boroughs into wards, and taking from the
town councils the right to present the names of indivi
dualsi for the crown to make them into borough justices.
The Tories had hoped these amendments would be re
jected, and thus defeat the bill. Lord J. Russell promised
that in the next session, ministers wonld introduce a
general boundary act for all the boroughs, and that
neither he not Ills colleagues while in power would ap
point any justices not recommended by the town coun
cils. So the two most odious features of the Lord's
amendments, received the “go by”—and on the principle
that bait a loal is belter than none, all the reformers
united inn determination to pass the Bill at once. As
it is, it culs up completely all the power of the Tories
in the Municipalities. It abolishes self-election in corpo
rations— sweeps away all the present Aldermen—re
moves all the Tory justices—brings the expenditure of
local and charitable funds under the controul of the town
councils elected by the people—cuts off ull exclusive
privileges of trading or exemption from tolls—makes ju
rors chosen from all the inhabitants instead of free
men, and reduces taxation—appoints as recorders none
but barristers of five years standing, instead iif rich
lords ignoinnt of the laws, iVc. This fins Isren a “Whig
trap. The Whig* said to the lords, “mutilate it at your
pfr'l •' and w« will reject.”—They did so—restored the
kill, sent it back end reiterated “ps«s the whole %n none."
Tin* Lord* frightened, cut ofTlmttlie portions mentioned
—the Whigs snapped at the bill and it became a law.
The plot of “Orange I/odges" in the army is more de
veloped, ft seems they are secretly sworn and armed,
and their intention under their patron, th# Duke of Cum
berland, was, it is believed, to make that man king and
to exclude the princess Victoria,
The Duke of Cumberland has gum1 to the Continent,
and an order from the commander in chief, Lord Hill,
threatens 11 expel every Orangeman from the army, and
the Duke is a field marshal!
The real leader of the house has heerr- O'Connell.
His “rint” or “trilmle" for this year $t67,.V)0. Parlia
ment has been prorogued.
The French Chambers voted a reduction in the army
—*h»t the Ministers have prohibited any retrenchments.
Tho Bill against the Press has passed the Chamber of
Peers, by a majority of 101 to 30. The Chambers were
then prorogued. Thirty new Peers are created. All
but one, pesceinen.
k°l' Evans has beat tho ('artists in one engagement.
T ho ( oorts of Hardinia and Portugal have ipiiirrelled
because Donna Maria refuses to marry Prince Csrignsno.
I young Queen and her mother-in-law have also had a
brush, hut have been reconciled by M. Mendizabal, the
Talleyrand of the Peninsula.
Intelligence front Constantinople to Aug. 10th, men
tions the plignc as making fearful ravages in that eily,
'* '*'1) holding out The vanguard of the army
or Houutiely Valeasey m Albania has been routed.
KING'S 8PF&CII.
“ Mv lords and Gentlemen— l tind with great satisfac
tion, that the stale ot public business enables me to re
lieve you from further attendance, and from the pressure
of those duties which you have perform, d with »o much
and OAgiduity. %
“ 1 receive from all Foreign Powers satisfactory as
surances of their desire to maintain with me t|„. inost
friendly understanding; and 1 look forward with confi
dence to the preservation of the general pence, which
lias been, und will be, the object of my constant solici
tude.
I lament that the civil contest in the Northern pro
vinces ol Spain has not yet been brought to a termina
tion; but, tubing a deep interest hi the welfare of the
Spanish Monarchy, I shall continue to direct to that
iiuorlcr my most anxious attention, in concert with the
three Powers with whom I concluded the Treaty <if quad
ruple alliance; and I have, in furtherance of the object*
of that treaty, exercised the power vested in me by the
legislature, and have granted permission to my subjects
to engage in the service of the t^uei-n Regent.
“ 1 have concluded with Denmark, 8ur,rmia, and Swe
den, fresh Conventions, calculated to prevent the traffic
in African slaves. ] hope soon to receive the ratification
ot a similar treaty, which has been signed with Spain.
“ I am engaged in negotiations witli other powers ill
r.urepe and in South America for the same purpose; and
I liusl that ere long the united atiorts of all civilised na
tions w ill suppress and extinguish this traffic.
“ I perceive, with entire approbation, that you have
directed your attention to the regulation of Munieipal
Corporations in l'.nglund and WtH***; and I have cheer
fully given my assent to the bill which you have passed
for tliul purpose. 1 cordially concur in this imi>orta»t
measure; which is calculated to allay discontent, to pro
mote peace and union, and to procure for those communi
ties tin1 advantages ot responsible government.
“I greatly rejoice that the internal condition of Ireland
has been such as to have permitted you to substitute for
tlm uecesstry severity of u law which has been suffered
to expire, enactment* of a milder character. No part of
my duty is more grateful to my feelings than the miti
gation of a penal statute, in any case in which it con be
effected consistently with the maintenance of order and
lianquillity.
. “Gentlemen of the House of Commons—I thank yon
for the readiness with which you have Voted Supplies.
You have provided not only for the expense* of tin* year,
and for the interest upon the large sum awarded to the
owners of slaves in my colonial possessions, but also for
several unexpected and peculiar claims upon the justice
and liberality of the nation.
“It is most gratifying to observe, that nut only have
these demands hern met without additional taxation, but
that you have made some further progress in reducing
the burdens of my people.
J am enabled to congratulate you, that the terms up
on winch tin? Loan ti>r the compensation to the proprie
tors ol slaves has been obtained, afford conclusive evi
dence of the llouiishing state of public credit, und of that
general confidence which is the rcsultof determination to
lulhl the national engagements und to maintain inviola
ble the public faith.
“ ‘My Lords and Gentlemen—I know that I may se
curely rely upon your loyalty and patriotism; and I feel
confident that in returning to your respective counties,
and in resuming those functions which you discharge
with so modi advantage to the community, you will re
commend to all classes of your country men obedience to
the law,attachment to tlieConstilulion.nnd a spirit of tem
perate amendment, which, under Divine Providence, are
the surest means of preserving tho tranquillity and in
creasing the prosperity which this country enjoys."
Lord Denman, ns speaker, then declared that Parlia
ment was prorogued to the 10th of November Tho
king left the house, and the commons retired from the
oar.
In the House of Commons, the speaker went through
the ceremony of reading a copy of the royal speech, and
and s.iook hands w ith tin* members present; and the ses
sion was brought to a close.
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.
Liverpool, Sept. 14.—Our t’otton market has again
become exceedingly depressed, and the prices of all de
scriptions have given way considerably. Tho better
qualities of American are fully 1-rid to l-4d per lb. lower,
und tho inferior, which are much pressed upon the mar
ket, are scarcely saleable ut a reduction ofl-2d. Pernam
buco and Maranlinm are dull, at n decline of l-4d, und
Ruliia at l-2d per lb. The business nf Hie week amounts
only to 11,520 bales, (of which speculators have taken
200 American, and shippers II5U American auJ 50 Su
rat.)
15th—We had scarcely any market for Cotton, to
day, consequently we are without change.
BIGCJER’S EXCHANGE,1'
AND LOTTERY OFFICE, Rici.mosd, Vikoima.
Drama AW. of the Delateare State Lottery, Class A’o. 7.
Drew October 14, 1835.
11 15 44 30 72 38 1 30 43 22 59.
I ickct No. l.>, 44, To. One of tho Grand Capitals
together with several other snug prizes, were nil sold und
paid at sight by BIGGER.
Another N)>iriQ«li<i Luhcry.
$10,000 and $15,000 Capitals.
DELAWARE STATE LOTTERY, CLASS NO. 8.
To be drawn November 18th, 1835.
75 Numbers—11 Draw’ll Ballots.
GRAND CAPITALS.
I Prize of $411,000
1 “ 15,000
1 “ 8,000
1 “ 5,000
1 “ 3,528
40 Prizes of 1,000
500, 400, 300, &e.
Lowest Prize $12.
Tid.its on! ij $10, I In! res 5», Quarters2 50.
Orders for tickets m the above splendid Lottery, will
meet the most prompt attention — Please address,
i HO. b. blGGER, Itic/nnunil, Va.,
Oct. 20. 48—w3w
rjlRf SI KK S SALE of LAN1>. — In pursuance of
JL the provisions of n deed of trust, executed to the
subscriber by Richard G. Morris, and duly recorded in
the Clerk's Office of Louisa county, i shall, on the nine
teenth day of November next, before the Court-Ilouso
door of Orange county, offer for sale, to the highest bid
der, at public auction, the tract of land in the said deed
mentioned, lying in Uie county of Louisa, adjoining tho
lands of George Morris and others, and containing, by
estimation, three hundred seven and a half acres_
it being the tract of land conveyed by G. Italian! and
wife to the said Richard G. Morris.—Terms will be made
known on the day of sale. Selling as trustee, I shall
only convey such title as in vested in me by the deed
aforesaid. LEW IS B. W1LLI AMS, Triittee.
Qct »>■_ 18 v lw
I AND FOR SALE.-1 Being desirous to remove to
J tho South, I offer my Tract of Land for sale, lying
in the county of Alleghany , immediately on the Coving
ton and Lexington turnpike road, li miles below Co
vington, in the little bend of Jackson's River—and
containing near seven hundred acres, of which there
are near two hundred acres cleared; and one hun
dred and ten of the latter portion first ratu river
bottom, and in a high stale of improvement, being
in clover for several years, for which it is well adapted.
There is a comfortable dwelling-house, also a good and
new double Swisher barn, the under part of which is
stone. A further description is deemed unnecessary as
those wishing to purchase will first view the premises.
Terms will he accommodating. JOHN ALLEN.
October 2<>. 4^_yi
A VALUAHLE FARM FOR BALE.—The sub
1 iU acriber offeiw for sole his tract of Laud, lying in the
county of Chesterfield, eight miles above Richmond, and
within a half mil* of James River, containing 550 acres
of about equal portions of cleared and wood land. Thin’
Harm has been ho improved by careful management and
the use of clover nml piaster, that nearly the whole of it
now produces clover kindly. About til) acres arc good
creek meadow, n part of which is in herd's grass
.ind produces fine crops. The wood has pint Vn
cleared n wa/ from 50 acres of good tobacco land, which
may he brought into cultivation with very little labor._
The wood land is valuable from its’ continuity t<,
the River, and the facility with which the wood can be
carried to Richmond. The wood is worth 80 cents
per cord as it stands on the land, and contracts for tho
sale of several hundred cords at that price annually, can
now be made. The improvements am nearly new, and
sufficient for the comfortable accommodation of a fami
ly. The situation is healthy and (ha water line. During
my absence, applications may he addressed to my hrn
tlier, Col. Pi ter F. Smith, of Manchester, (who is fully
empowered to sell and convey the land,) or to my Mana
ger, Mr. Thomas Cheatham, upon tho premises who
will show the land to persons disposed to purchase it
„ M . , , JORDON SMITH.
I . o. I wish also to sell Htl acres of land, upon tAnst
of winch the wood is standing, lying within three and n
half miles of Manchester, adjoining .the lands of Mi.
Oreen Hall, Mr. Fisher and otheis. J. j5
Oct. 2i). 48—tf
REWARD.—linn away from Die sub
yp ^Ssf" "" P acriber, in Madison county. Va., in the
month of September, 1833, a negro man, about 143 )cars
old, yellow complected, with a heavy, dull look, and down
cast when spoken b»; about 5 feet 8 or 1) inches high
heavy, well set fellow—c ills himself Wm Smith I pur
chased said negro from Wrn. Hell, of Culpeper county
Va. He was raised by a gentleman of K mg George
comity, Va., by the name of Hinith. Any person taking
up said negro, and confining him in some jail, so that I
get him,or delivering him to Humphrey Taylor, of Madi
son county, Va , or giving me information of the same
at Mesopotamia, Green county, Alabama, shall receive
the above reward, AHA WHITE
A,,gy>- 3:2— 3m.
MJOTICE.—-We shall renew our petition, and lay it be.
fore the next Virginia legislature, praying for the
formation of a new County, by taking off the lower end
of Caroline and the upper ends of Kina A Queen and
MANY CITIZENS
Of ike (fort so hi Counties.
September 18. 30- tJD