IXTELLIGliXCEK
Sftomiuj?:
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1835.
The Circuit Superior Court of Law
ami Chancery for this county, will com
mence its session in this place, on Mon
day the Hth inst.
05= It appears from a published ac
count of the Canal and Rail Road
Tolls collected in Pennsylvania, from the
10th to the 24th ult., amounted to the e
normoussum of Forts Thousand Three
Hundred and Sixte-eight Dollars
and'ErGHTE-sEVKN Cents, or more than
20,000 dollars per week.
A fire occurred in Charlestown,
Massachusetts, on the 25th ult- which
destroyed in the principal part of the
town, between sixty and seventy build
ings. The loss is estimated at 200,000
dollars.
irr We 'have placed on our outer form
to-day short accounts of the proceedings
of the anti-fanatical meetings in Portland
and Boston. Wo now have also the pro
ceedings of the citizens of Now York and
Philadelphia. It appears that thes© meet
ings were not only numerously attended,
but attended by the most respectable of
their citizens, and all breathing the true
spirit of patriotism and love of the bi
llion this is as it ought to be. It as
sures us too that not only the Union, but
the rights of property are also safe! A
way then with the fanatics, and away
with those who would under frivolous
pretences dissolve this Union. Tire 'pat
riots of the south, the east, the west and
the north, when assembled in Washing
ton, will unquestionably devise appropri
ate ways and means prontotive of the
safety and welfare of the whole.
O’A letter published in the London
Herald states that on the 15th of July an
attempt was made by an individual to
assassinate the Duke or Sake Weimar.
0"Tho Editors of the Charlestown
(Va.) Free Press mention that they have
a radish in their office, which measures
two feet in length, twanty-one inches in
circumference,and weighs twelve pounds
and three quarters.
A number of ministers within
the Baltimore Annual Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, publish a
card in the Baltimore papers, respectful
ly requesting the individuals to the north
tvho arc agitating the question of imme
diate abolition, to desist from sending
them any of their inflammatory periodi
cals, or other publications on that subject,
as they are determined to have nothing
to do with any of them. Bight!
()£/* Afew days before the Anti
Abolition meeting was held in Boston,
the Liberator (Garrison) raved in the
following strain:
“O, horrible prostitution! O, base
subserviency to tyrants ! O, damna
ble stain upon its fair fame through-*
out all time ! Let those who contem
plate addressing that meeting in oppo
sition to the unalienable rights of their
colored countrymen, pause before it is
too late—their names and their memo
ries will be covered with eternal in
famy. No fiction, no sophistry, can
hide the fact from the intelligence of
an impartial posterity, that the con
templated meeting is a meeting to lake
side with the slave-holder and against
his victim—to palliate and counte
nance a bloody despotism, and to plant
a dagger in the bosom of Liberty.”
In another part of bis paper, this
mischievous wretch has the following
remarks :
*iVVe tell the South, that we regard
its threats and warnings with supreme
contempt and utter scorn : that our
course is still onward—right onward;
that we shall never desist from our
practice of publishing ‘the truth, the
the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth,’ respecting its thievish and mur
derous acts, while life remains, or a
slave pines in bondage; for truth is
against the south—humanity is against
| it—and God is against it.”
ST Would this man, Garrison, use such
language unless he was assured that he
had a certain class in Boston on his s»de?
We think not. Fifteen hundred patriots
signed the paper calling for a meeting,
but bow many thousands of the citizens
did not sign it? We cannot now help
censuring the Richmond Enquirer for one
thing—the attempt to draw off the atten
tion of the southern people, from the real
danger aud fie it onCongresi-'‘ir Com
GUESS DOBS TBit, OH DOBS THAT, tllCO,
—and what then f Why the Union must
be dissolved.” The Enquirer well knows,
that Congress Will not interfere except to
save the Union, preserve peace, put down
the fanatical ravings of such men as Gar
rison, and prohibit the importation offor
eign incendiaries. Now, we put the
question to our brethren East of the Blue
Ridge, can you not confide to Henry Clay
this important question with more Cer
tainly, with more absolute security to
your own interests, than to Martin Van
Buren ? Will the Enquirer reply to this
interrogatory ? In what doea this Mar
tin Van Buren excel Henry Clay and
Daniel Webster? We aro really aston
ished when we bear men, men of much
intelligence too, giving a preference to
Van Buren and more particularly circum
stanced as the nation is at this lime.
Though Van Buren may bo made the
President ofthe U. States, yet it is our
Tyler’s, Leigh’s Clay’s, &. Webster's that
we must rely upon for the perpetuation ot
the peace and harmony of the whole.
This will not be denied even by the En
quirer. The Garrison’s have talent,
they have money, and what is worse than
all, they have the ignorance and immor
ttlily ofboth Whites and Blacks to play
upon. Then let us look to the known
patriots of our country.
(t?“ The New York Gazette, says—
We have now in this country a son of
the Prince of Orange. A son of Louis
Philippe, the Prince de Joimville, is
daily expected at this port. Vice Admi
ral Sir George Cockburn, Lord Val
entis, the celebrated traveller, Lord Jo
setlyn, Miss Simms, and a select party
ot fashionables, are hourly expected at
Quebec, from Halifax, te make a tour to
Niagara.
1LP From the Globe of Monday last,
we learn,that Charles Shaler of Penn
sylvania.has been appointed by the Pres
ident of the U. States, Secretary of the
Territory of Michigan, vice Stephen T.
Mason, superseded.
O’ In Fauquier, Mr. A. IIickerson.
(Adtn.j has been elected to the house of
delegates in the place ofThos. Marshall,
dec'd., by a majority of 93 votes over
Mr. John Walden, tlie Whig candidate.
O In the Brunswick senatorial district
R. IC. Meade, E?q. (Whig) has been e
lected, in the place of Gen. Dromgoole,
by a majority of twenty odd votes over
Dr. Scott, the Van Buren oandidate.
O From the Journal of a cotempora
ry, we learn, that the schooner Sarah,
Captain Griswold, was burnt at Boston,
on Saturday afternoon, the 22d ult. To
wards the close of the fire, it exploded
with a great noise, caused by saltpetre
which was on board, breaking about 300
windows, and throwing a copper cask up
on the top of a large four story house
some distance off.
03“* R. IF. Carroll, 6 hair dresser of
Charleston S. C. was Lynched on the
21st ult; The mob seized him between
3 and 0 o’clock in the morning, gave him
SO lashes, a coat of tar and cotton, from
head to foot, then marched through sev
eral principal streets and lodged him in
jail. The accoant states that “respecta
ble citizens lent the countenance of their
presence," and all was “orderly conduct
ed !" Ilia offence was dealing with, and
receiving stolen goods from slaves, a
gainst which he had repeatedly been
warned.
{U1* We learn from the Leesburg
Genius of Liberty, that a large amount of
coined gold has lately been discovered on
the farm of Mr. F. T. Chevis, of Fau
I quier county, Va. Tho field in which the
money was found ia in corn, and has been
cleared but a few years.—The depusite is
supposed to have been disturbed by
ploughing, and the amount found ia not
known, nor did Mr. Chevis, (being from
home,) derive any benefit from the dis
covery.--Mr. C. states that the amount
may perhaps be from 280 to $400—all of
which was carried off by some persons in
the neighborhood.
(£7* 1“ Lowell, Mass, a Schoolmas
ter has been fined 300 dollars for ma
king two of bis schollars flog each oth
er.—In Washington City, on the 16th
ult. three persons named Haney Hed
ly, James Hutson and Edward Moran,
were arrested on a charge of Kidnap
ping in the county of Westmoreland,
this state, and after an examination
were fully committed for trial.-Another
dreadful fire occured in the city of New
Yotk on the 25tb ult. Several valuable
stores were destroyed—and one individ
ual was burnt to death and some others
injured. Loss $100,000.—A Penn
sylvania paper says—A gentleman
who takes care of hogs in New Hamp
shire, advertises at a runaway, “a lady
pig.”—Judge Servis, of Bethel town
ship, Clark county, Ohio had a field
•f IS acres in oats the present season,
kwhieh yielded eighty-fiy* bushels to the
acre.—I: ii calculated that the Dumber
of lives lost in Egypt by the present
visitation of the plauge, is not less than
one hundred thousand.—Bliinden, was
hung at Doyleatown, Pa. on the 14th
instant. He suffered for killing Aaron
Cutlehow, by striking him through the
neck with a cradle sythe. They with
others had been engaged Cradling oau
on Sunday afternoon—got drunk and
quarrelled I—A boat recently arrived
at New Orleans from Cincinnati with
a cargo of 10,000 coffins ! 11—The
Treasury Department acknowledges
the receipt of an anonymous letter,
without date enclosing the sum of three
hundred and forty dollars, which the
writer states is “supposed to be due
the United States by error in the set'
tlement of an account.”—A Farmer,
named George L. Martense, residing
at Flatbusb, L. I., having lately sold
some of bis property at an estraordin.
ary high price, was so intoxicated with
his success, that be committed suicide
by placing the muzzle of a gun into
his ruouih, and discharging the con
tents by means of a string tied to the
trigger, with one end attached to one of
his feet.—The celebrated Ephraim K..
Avery is preaching in the western part
of Massachusetts, and is a strong abo
litionist.
From the Kanawha Banner.
Senator Leigh_Is it the reckless*
ness of triumphant vice, or of utter des.
peration, which prompts the following
insane address to Mr. Senator Leigh,
from the editor of the Enquirer, under
the mask of one of his own correspon
dents f
‘Your path was plain straightfor
ward. 1 mean there is a plain
straightforward path for yon to pur
sue, and none other can save you from
the wreck of degradation. Utter con
tempt, scorn and Indignation from a
free and sovereign people, await, and
are half visited on you now, even for
one moment doubting of that plain,
straightforward Course. That course,
sir, is to throw up your commission of
Senator—if you have for one moment
been so lost to honor and duty, your
duty to a high-minded, generous, chiv
alrous people, as you know the people
of Virginia to be.”
Good heavens! what can the matter
be ? What terrible offence has this
gentleman committed, who, but lately
was the pride and ornament of his
State? Has he been fouud in treasona
ble correspondence with the enemies of
his country ? Has he been guilty of
criminal apostacy from the principles
which baVe governed his past life and
which illustrate the character of the
State he represents ? Or is his offence
of a private rather than of a political
character? Has he brought foul dis
grace upon his name, his country, and
his race, by the recent commission of
some Sufch unmentionable defiance of
public decency and morality, ah dis
tinguishes the past life and present con
duct of the Vice Presidential nominee
of the Baltimore Convention? No
reader: none ofthese things have hap
pened. Mr. Leigh is now, as ever, in
his public character, the incoiruplible
patriot, the firm, enlightened, and con
sistent republican statesman: in his
piivate life, the perfect gentleman,
without fear and without reproach.—
Then, what is the matter? Reader,
we will tell you. There is yet a major
ity of honest men and true patriots in
the Senate of the United States. That
department of the Government is in
the way ; it yet stands in the breach
between the constitutional liberties of
the people, and the affiliated Jacobins
who have conspired to erect a lawless
despotism upon the ruins of the public
liberty. This barrier must be remov
ed, and the Senate converted into ano
ther potent engine, to assist the designs
of the conspirators. Those sturdy
Senators who cannot be bought in their
seats, must be bullied out of them.-—
“Hence these tears." Hence the con
certed note of frantic rage, and furious
denunciation, with which our true hear
ted Senator has been assailed by the
Tory press from Maine to Louisiana.
Generous Virginians I will you coun
tenance such proceedings ? Will you
suffer yourselves to be made, at first
the intruments, and, in the issue, the
victims, of so detestable a plot ?
O* We do hope that this persecuted
man, will bIiow to the world, that he is
not to be driven from tho post assigned
him by the clamor of all the Van Buren
men on earth—let him continually recol
lect that he is a Virginian, and that he is
now assailed by Van Burenism only.
There is indeed a “plain straight for*
WARD PATH FOR HIM TO PURSUE,” and
which alone can save him from “the
WRECK OF DEGREDATION," but it is not
through a submissive obedience to the
dictation of Van Buren, or Van Buren's
partizans. Stevenson, Bives and Mason,
appear to have been provided for by the
Baltimore convention; and we do not
now at all wonder that Bives was willing
to“WAIT."
the markets.
Flour in Alexandria, 75 a 0 00
“ in Baltimore, 5 50 a 0 00
WINCHESTER & BALTIMORE
RAILROAD.
Forwarding, Grocery Sf Com
mission Establishment.
^~B'1hE undersigned are now erec
| ting in copartnership and will
have completed by the first of
November, (at which time it is believ
ed the Railroad will be in operation
from this place to Baltimore,)
j.an extensive BRICK WARE
■ §■1 HOUSE, convenient to the
Depot, intended for the trans
action of tiie above business. The
strictest attention will at all times be
given to the forwarding immediately all
Merchandize or Produce consigned to
their House.
They will be supplied with an as
sortment of
GROCERIES, FISH. SALT.
ana iHaistev,
and will pay the highest prices for
Flour, \Vl\eat, FlaKseeil
and Country produce, generally.
CHARLES H. CLARK,
HENRY P. WARD.
References
Erskine & Eichelberger, ^ kj
J. Hopkins Si Brothers, j
W. F. & A. Murdock,
George R. Gaither,
Samuel Wyman & Co.
Cushing Si Sons,
David Gibson, Romnev, Va
N. & W. P. G, ff, Clarksburg, Va.
Abraham Smith, Prunty-town, Va.
Firman H. Preston, } ... .
Wallace & Gibson! S Ab,*&don>Fa
Samuel Ott, Woodstock, Va.
Alexander S. Hull, Staunton, Va.
W. G. Singleton,esq. U. S. Attorney,
H. Rl. Brent, Cashier Valley Bank,
G. Orrick, Cashier Farmer’s Bank,
Winchester.
Winchester, Sept, 5, 1835.—3m.
j. g
i 1
I '
3
PUBLIC SALE
THE subscriber intending toremove
to the West, will dispose of, at Public
Sale, on Friday life 2nd day of Oc
tober nett, his properly in Paddy
Town, Hampshire county, Va. On this
property there is a large and cotnmo
in,,, (i dious weather-boarded
DWEILma HOUSE,
_well calculated for a Public
House, and has been occupied as such
for a number of years past, together
with an ice-house, grainery, good sta
bling, and other necessary out-houses,
with an excellent garden.
—oALSO.o—~
A Good Store-House%
with a compling room and an excel
lent cellar, and the Stand for Mer
chandizing considered a desirable one.
To which is attached
14 Acres of Land.
The situation of this property, and the
certainty of the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal being at least finished to a point
above it, must enhance its value, and
in a few years be as desirable a situa
tion for a public house, Merchandizing,
&c. as any in that section of country.
-» ALSO,®
MY dower right in the large and
commodious
Stone Dwelling House,
now occupied by Mrs. Tidball, attach
ed to which is
150 Acres of Iiand,
20 of which is GOOD BOTTOM,
the balance in timber. —Upon this pro
perty there is an excellent selection of
fruit trees, and it is considered a desi
rable situation for a Mechanic or a
man with a Small family. The above
property if not disposed of on said day,
will be rented to the highest bidder.
—-ALSO,
At the same time, the following proper
ty will be offered for sale, viz :
One Side-Board, Bureaus,
Desk, Tables, Chairs, Bed
steads, together with all
kinds of
Household, Sf Kitchen Furniture>
one Farm Wagon and Cart, Six Cows,
several with calves,
4 HEAD of young HOFlSES,
a set of Blacksmith’s Tools, a consid
erable quantity of IRON of differ
ent kinds, together with various other
articles too tedious to mention.
The terms will be accommodating,
and made known on the day of sale.—
The sale will be continued from day
to day until all is sold.
WM. T. SANFORD.
Paddy.town, Va. >
Sept. 5,1835—ids. $
N. B. Persons indebted will please
call and settle their respective ac
counts agaiast the day of sale.
W. T. S.
Sale of Property
In Uor&s County.
BY virtue of a decree of the cir
cuit superior court of lav and
chancery of Frederick county,
pronounced on the 2d day of February,
1835, in two suits therein depending
between Lewis Wayland, administra
tor of Christopher Lindenberger, dec’d.
plaintiff, and Philip Carthrae and oth
ers defendants, and Philip Carthrae
plaintiff, and Lewis Wayland, admin
istrator of Christopher Lindenberger,
dec’d. defendant, the undersigned as
special commissioner will expose at
public sale, before the court house door
in the town p( Moorefield, Hardy coun
ty, Va., on Saturday the 10th day of
October next, the mortgaged premises |
in the proceedings mentioned, or so
much thereof as may be necessary to
satisfy said decree and the costs ) part
of which said premises consist of all
that lot or part of a lot in the town of
Moorefield, designated in the plat of
survey of said town by the.oumber 21,
a more particular description of which
may be had by referring to the records
of the cohrt of Hardy, to a deed from
Edward Williams to Philip Carthrae.
Also, One undivided moiety or half of
a certain tractor parcel of land, situate,
lying and being in the said county of
Hardy, and in said mortgage describ
ed, as on the ri"ht hand fork of the
town fort run, and as containing two
hundred and four acres ; which said
tract of land was conveyed by Tboraas
M’Carty and Mary his wife to Alexan
der Smith and the said Philip Carthrae
jointly,by deed beating date the G;h day
of June, 1797, & recorded in the court
of Hardy county. Also, one undivi
ded moiety or half of a ceitain other
tract or parcel of land containing fuur
hundred and forty six acres, lying and
being in the said county of Hardy, on
the dividing ridge between the town
fort run and Cornwall’s run, which
said tract was also conveyed to Alex
ander Smith and the said Philip Car
thrae by deed dated the 6.h day of
June 1797, and recorded in the court
of Hardy county. Also, one other
tract of iand containing sixty three a
cres, lying and being in tbe said coun
ty of Hardy, on the head drains of the
town fori run, which last mentioned
tract of land was conveyed by the a
foresaid Thomas M’Carty to the said
Pailip Carthrae by deed dated the 13th
day of November, 1800. Also* the
following personal property, or ao
much thereof as may be forthcoming on
the day of sale, viz : One negro man
slave named Richard, by trade a Black
smith, and one set of blacksmith’s tools.
For a more particular description
of said property, persons desirous of
purchasing are referred to ihe mortgage
deed from Philip Carthrae to George
and Christopher Lindenberger, dated
the 9.h of May, 1801, of record in the
court of Hardy county, and to the sev
eral deeds therein referred to, and also
to the record and proceedings in the
suits before mentioned.
Terms of sale.—One third of the
purctiase money will be required in
cash, one third in six months, and the
remaining third in twelve months from
the day of sale) the purchaser giving
bond with approved security for the
deferred payments.
JAMES K. RICHARDS. S. C.
Winchester Sept. 5,1835.—4t.
WINCHESTER
Temale Academy.
Jl. C. SMITH, Principal.
f S~llIE undersigned, having rented
ff_ from Wm. L. Clark, Esq , the
large and commodious house on
LouJoun street in which he has here*
tofore resided) and also the building
erected by him opposite his dwelling,
will resume the exercises of his institu
tion on the 1st of September, on Fort
Hill. The rooms appropriated ex*
clutively to this seminary n ill accom
modate one hundred pupils without in
convenience; whilst the house occupied
by the undersigned holds out the high
est attractions for the comfort and
health of such young ladies as may be
placed as boarders in bis family. No
situation any where can present supe..
rior local Charms to that now selected
lor the promotion of that most impor
tant and yet so much neglected object
—female education, lie, therelore,
confidently trusts, while he devotes all
his exertions to this object, that these
exertions will meet a corresponding
patronage at the hands of an enlighten
ed public. *A^ this seminary will be
taught the Eaf!(i; Greek, French, Span
ish and Italian languages, together with
a complete course of English education.
Terms, for classical pupils $14 50 per
session, for English $10 50. For mod
ern languages, music and ornamental
branches a separate charge will be
made.—Boarders will be charged for
board, lodging and tuition, $75 per ses
sion, one bail payable in advance. A
gentleman of high classical attainments
will board in the family of the subscri
ber and give instructions in the Span
ish and Italian languages.
A. C. SMITH, Principal.
Winchester, Aug. 22, 1835 — St.
(Ef The New Orleana American
of August 14th, says: “We understand
by a gentleman arrived yesterday froii
Baton Kouge, that forty or fifty negroei
had been arrested, under a charge of be.
ing concerned in an intended insurrection
Sevoral white men were engaged wilt
the negroes. Their names are known
and the militia are in pursuit of them.—
They are doubtless by this time arrested
“One of Murrel’s gang was hung a1
Clinton, La. on Tuesday last, undersea,
tenee of Judge Lynch. He had 500 dot
lars of counterfeit notes upon him.
To supply the vacancy occasions*
by the death of Judge Semple, severs
gentlemen have been named, viz: Col
John B. Christian, Judge Beverl,
Tucker, end Col. Robert McCandlis
—all possessing qualifications of
high order* In order to hold thi
fall terms, it will be necessary that th<
Governor, with the advice of Council
make the appointment before the sit
ting of the Legislature—subject, how
ever, to the ratification of that body.—
Rich. Comp, SB5S9
We copy the following paragraph fri
the Richmond Compiler of Monday last
The Post Office Committee, appoin
ted by the Committee of Vigilance 0
the City of Richmond and County 0
Henrico, in pursuance of a resolutloi
passed by them, did, on Saturday thi
29th inst., publicly burn in the Mai
Street of Richmond, the iocendiar;
newspapers and pamphlets, receivei
at the Richmond Post Office, amount
ing to several bushels.
General Blackburn, of Bath Couti
ty, in Virginia, died during the presea
year, and, by his will, manumitted al
his slaves, (forty-six in number,) pro
vided they were sent to Liberia, ebarg
ing bis estate with all the expense at
tending their Voyage.
The Lexington Reporter, Mr. Clay’j
able advocate, has placed at the head o
its columns, Wni. II. Harrison for Prflsi
dent, and announces its determination h
support bis claims for the office.
The New York Mercantile says; “A'
mong the importations at this port, with'
in a few days, we observe Oats fron
Turks Island, White Beans from Trieatej.
Flour from England, and Corn from New
Orleans ; and what is the more remarks*
ble, it is believed these articles wilt af*
ford a good profit to the importers.'*
At Dayton, Ohio, on the 13tb bit.
a fine field of corn, of four acres bind
half, wss destroyed completely by some
ruffians, to gratify a spite they had a>
gainst the cultivator, Mr. Jostph Rod
ifer. This is a novel application of
Lynch Law.—Metropolitan.
05?“ A child aged 5 years, a som of
Mr. John Redman, of Springfield,, in
this county, fell into a Well, on tbe 20th
ult. and was drowned.
MARRIED, On Thursday last, by
the Rev. Win. II. Foote, Mr. Reuber
Mohler to Miss Margaret Friddle
both of this place.
—, On the same day, by the Rev
John Arnold, Mr. Joseph, Haynes tc
Mrs. Abigail Sterne. On the sarai
day,and by the same, Mr. Daniel Han
nas to Miss Julia Ann Haynes.
—, On the same day, and byjtai
same, Mr. James Rinehart to MiSi
Catharine Criswell.
—, On the same day, and by litl
same, Mr. Peter Doran to Miss Re,
becca Dicks.
—, On the 25tb August.by the sSmo
Mr. Critcn Doreson to Miss Margare,
Johnson.
—, On the SOth ult., by the same
Mr. Samuel Park, to Miss Maty Anti
Swartz—all of this county.
iS’otice.
WAS lost from my pocket or
the 2nd day of Sept., 1885,
a note of hand drawn paya*
ble to Michael Baker, on or befuri
the 1st January, 1836, amount Ttoen
iyjioe Dollars, (which note has nevei
been pul in the bands oftuid Baker,)
with my name as principal and Henry
Lease as security, and witnessed by
George Leickliter.
WILLIAM LEASE.
Sept. 5, 1835.—3tpd«
Attention—Riflemen l
YOU are hereby commanded to pt*
rade at the Coutt-house in Romney,
on Saturday the 12th of September
neZt' DANIEL MALONEY,
Aug. 29, 1835. Captain.
N. D. After the parade business of
importance to the members of the coin*
puny will be transacted. A full attea«
dance it requested. D. M.