Ill rorr.tc. LVNCHBURD, lim;i\| %. Till ItNlMV UOKKIK;, OCTOIICIt ‘l‘i. INSS. POI/. ffr.**vV0. 94.
TERMS.
rtf’“Tin hyurhiturg »Vrziiiian"
r uled liriVf u week, at S I per annum, /niyablr in
**'r Nu tea per trill be discontinued, (lint at the
j- /ion uftl" Editors.) until all urrrarw'i s an paid.
'^=- nit /; nr is t:.»i n .v tn tr/// be inserted at
•sifnds U'r square, (or less.) tin fiist time, and d 7J
‘ . fur each continuance. Those from a distance
"'istlie pniilf"r preciously to tluir insertion, unless tin
payment be assumed by some responsible person in
'putter* to the Editors must be nor run.
-' A CERTAIN U RE FOR
ITCH.
HOWF.VF.lt inveterate, in one hour's npplica
ti„n. anti no Hanger front taking cold. Ivy using
lli II I’ RI v OI\T tl i: \ T.
This prepnratioti, for pleasantness, safety, expedi
tion ease and certainty, stands unrivalled for the cure
•f this troublesome complaint. It is so rapid as w ell
at certain in its operation, as to cure this disagreea
ble disorder most elfertually in one hour's application
""It does not contain the least particle of mercury, or
#lhrr dangerous ingredient, and may lie applied w ith
perlect safely to pregnant females, or to children at
tha liremt.
DUMFRIES’ RI MED' FOR THE
C?- PILES.
r|tllF. proprietor begs leave to recommend [which
1 he Joes with tile fullest confidence] one ol the
most valuable remedies known for this troublesome
and painful complaint. Without going into detail,
lie deems it enough to say, he lias in his possession
thr most undoubted testimonials that n has mure
completely answered the purpose for which it is in
tended, I hall any other popular Medicine.
Till* remedy is perfectly easy in its application, to
ill conditions, ages and sexes, full directions, de
scriptive of the complaint, sVr. accompany each
packet, w'hicli consists ol’two boxes. Ointment and
Kleetuarv. Price si for the w hole, or ol) cents it
but one of the articles is w auted.
■J'jC- \„ue are genuine unless signed on thr out
tide printed wrapper, In the Sole Proprietor. T.
KIDDF.lt. immediate siteet ssor In the hilt* Mi. \\ . T
Con*;iv. I\>r salt* at his (’oitntiin; IJonm, incr \o.
119,Court Street, near Conerrt Mall, itostnn, and al*
Uv his special appointment, hy
IIOWT.L 1» \\ ll!s,an«l
J. T. \ J. I'. K< > Y \ I.!,, Lvnehhurg.
n i
Negroes for Sale.
FIVKor six Ni-frrot's at |ii ivato Ituvcn
will |'l case give a call.
\ i.so,
FOR RFjXT,\\w neat family residence, for
merly occupied bv Richard S. I ilden, on 1 hird
street. * (’ll ARLKS IMIKLPS.
Oct. 19 3t
Stop the Thief!
Stolen out my triable, on the night of the
30th of September, a large Hay Morse,
(-»' » eight years old last spring, about five feet 1
lireeur four inches high, his inane hanging on each
id* of his ne ek, and not rory long. Both hind feet
■ <l one of his fore feet white—some w hite in his
•rchead, his tail a little robbed, also marks ot pear
oil his shoulders, and almost a natural pacer. Me
was shod nil round about ten days ago with heavy}
•hoes. I will give a liberal reward to any person who '
will apprehend the thief, and return the horse tome, j
JOHN M. PIJWKI’TT.
Campbell Co. Oct. 19 R
FOR RENT.
M'l'llo house and lot on Main-street, lately
occupied by Mr. K. II. Estes, as a Dry
Hoods Store, and as a family rrsidem e, op
posite Messrs. Clay & Thornton's Store. The
whole tenement has lately heen fitted up iri handsome
style—the stand for business is considered good. The
family residence is not surpassed by any on Mam
street.
Ai.sn,
FOR RENT,
MTlie tenement adjoining the above, which
is in good repair—well suited lor a Drv
Hoods Store and family residenee. Posses
sion of both ran be had immediately.
Apply to JOHN WILLS.
OR,
tiio. McKinney.
0^** The nbore Property is also for sale.
Pep. 21 tv4w
ni:\.i \ thy v. in vr,
MERCHANT TAILOR.
VKE.S this method of returning his sincere
A thanks to his friends and patrons for their very
liberal support since Ids commencement in business,
*nd would now inform them, that lie has just re
turned from the North, where lie has selected an as
sortment of Goods in his line, which, for quality, he
•onfidentlv believes cannot be surpassed in tins or any
•ther market—consisting in part of
Extra Superfine Black Cloths
do do Blue do
do do Brown do
do do Dahlia do
do do Steel Mixed do
do do Olive do
do do Green do
do do Black |
do do Fawn ( t.
Ho do Lavender [ C A,,,MrRKS
and Butl* )
A beautiful assortment of Treble Polish, Bibbed
"nd Doeskin ('assirneres—Together with the most
"plendid assortment of Vesting that lias ever been ex
hibited in this market. Hi'has also an elegant as
sortment of Stocks, Gum Elastic .Suspenders, and
Tateiii Merino Shirts and Drawers, (a fine article
tot the approaching season) all of which, will he sold
•a very liberal terms, lie particularly invites his 1
/fiend* and the public generally to call and examine
hit f*tock of Goods, before purchasing elsewhere,—
and hejuuuires them, that they shall not he dissatis- ,
fied with any asticle they may purchase of him. lie
has also received the Latest Fashions, and is ready
to execute all orders in his line, in the neatest, most
fashionable, tad expedition s manner.
Oct. 1 wUm
WILLIAM T. KRAVXH,
WATCH-MAKER, JEWELER AMI MIL |
V ERSMITH,
Three doora ktlou■ the Market-Hnust, and nearly oy- (
Tyosite the Hunks,
'AKER this opportunity of informing Ins cus
tomers and the public, that he has just returned
from the Northern Cities, and is now opening a
splendid assortment of If ,itches. Jewelry, I’lateit and 1
Brittanin Mare, ami a great many other article*
»'hich are too numerous to mention—but he would
merely observe to those who are wanting to call on
him before they purchase else where, as he is deter
mined to sell low for cash.
_ ®—Clocks, Watches, Jewelry and Silver
Vvare, made and repaired in the. best manner and at
the shortest notice. W. T. K.
October 15 Is
I WISH to hire a good Blacksmith,—for whom li
*■ beral wages will be given.
T. C LANKPORO.
Rep- TV ts
FOR SALK.
50,000'“> I' A< '>N.
100 boxes Candles.
nu.m.»,
500 |-1. W-lsr.l’P, lot which tliu liigli
” f»t Cat’ll price w ill he pivrn.
Mll.U.K & KOUKUTS.
Au». 10 ,s
NEW AND CHEAP GOODS.
I AM now receiving my Supply of Fall Goods,
which will comprise a neat assortment of Fanc>
and Staple DBA GOODS, and notwithstanding the
advance in Goods ot most descriptions, 1 am determin
ed to veil at prices w hich cannot tail to give aativfae
tioo.
CI.MTIIlXt*.
M\ assortment ot ready made Clothing will lie
more general than heretofore kept, and w ill com
prise, iti part. Superfine Blue and Black Dress Coats ;
Black and Brown Frock do.; \ ests and Pantaloons,
ot all descriptions; Steel Mixt and Brown (’loth
Over Goats, Petersham ami (lushing do ; Shirts ;
Shirtres; Stocks; Suspender* ; Buckskin Gloves;
—With a guild assortment of I,adieu and (ferule
men’s ('loaks.
V B.—A good assortment ot Gentlemen * Seal
aud Fur (hipa.
At.so, I Case of Tuscan bonnets, whieh can be
sold cheap. MIt’ll A FL JIAKT.
Sept. ItJ v* th
I NNISII to purchase 1,000 yards of Mountain
Jeans, lor winch I wdl pav Cash.
m. livin'.
Oct. I t.i
.XVir i'all and II 'inter Hoods.
rein: subscribers ha\ mg received a very large aud
I general nwortnient of Dry Goods, consisting
of their own i m pout atio\s, (per ship Tally Ho.)
and of purchases made in the Northern Citie*, prin
cipnlly from the agents ot Factories, mi connection
w ith their partners ot K ichinnnd. who buy cxcliisivrly
of first hands, hy the package, gives them the advan
tage of selling on the most favorable terms, either at
w holesale or retail.
'Their Stock consists in part% of the following
r Articles, viz :
Fxtra fine Blue, Black, Dahlia, Brown, and Invisible
Green (Moths,
.Mulling and common quality Bill**, Black, Brown,
Bottle-green, (Hive, Claret, Steel mixed and
Drab ditto..
Blue, Black and Fancy coloured Canaimerre,
Black, Blue, Steel-mixed and Fancy coloured Sati
IlOtlM,
NN ilsoti’s and (land’s Napt Cottons,
Point, Duffle, Rose and Whitney Blankets,
Red, W hite, Yellow and (ireen Flannels,
Extra English White and Patent do.
Green Baize, Prize and Canton do.
Negro Cloths, low priced Cassinetx, Plain, Plaid and
Striped I/m*c> s.
Drab and Olive Flushings, for (iicaf (’oats,
Red Paddings and Sad Duck,
Plain Black and Fancy Figured Silk Velvets, some ‘
Kxtra fine,
Toilnuef. Valencia, Plain and Fancy Silk N estings, j
English, Herman and French Merinos,
Circassians, Bomba/.etets and Printed Meriuos,
English and American Prints,
Fancy Merino, Plaid and Striped do.
Black, Plain Coloured, and Figured Challya,
Superfine black Erode Rhine, and Italian Silks,
Splendid Plaid and Figured Silks, assorted colours
and qualities,
Hro de Naps, Satins, and Florences, do. do.
Blue, Black, Poiildcsoi, and Plaid lleruani,
A great variety of Thibet, Wool, Merino and Silk
Shawls, and Fancy Dress Handkerchiefs,
Bandanna and Fancy Silk Pocket llandkfs.
NVhite, Plain and Coloured Bordered Linen (’oni
ric dbo.
Black Italian and Fancy Plaid Cravats,
(’otton Handkerchiefs and Pi ussian Shawls,
Blue and Brown Camlets and Tartan Plaids,
NVorsted, Lamb’s NN’ool and (’otton Hosiery,
Fancy coloured and Ribbed NVorsted Hose,
French and English Silk Hose, halt Hose and
Cloves,
Extra NVhite, Black and Black Bibbed Silk Hose.
Beaver, Buck and Leather Cloves,
Hos Skin Gloves, assorted colors and qualities.
Black and Colored French ( rapes,
Italian Sewing Silks, and Superior English Twist, :
5-4 French Bombazines,
IrishLiuens, Lawns and Linen (’ambries,
Russia and Flemish Sheetings,
Brown Hollands, Bird-rye and Russia Diapers,
Thread nd (Jimp Laces and Edgings,
Bohinet and Cambric Muslin Edgeings *nd Insert
ing*.
NVhite and Black Blond and Colored NVorsted Edg
ings,
Bohinet, Grecian and Blond Footings,
Infant’s Caps,
Splendid Plaid and Figured Bonnet ami Cap Rib
bons,
Common and Superior Belt ditto,
Tafflta, Satin and Love Ribbons, assorted,
Fancy Bead Bags and Purses,
Brazilian, Tuck and Side Combs,
Shell do. do. do.
Pocket and Dressing (’ombs,
Cambrics, Jaconets and (’becked Muslins,
plain and Figured Book and Sw iss do.
PlainJNVIi* Black and Colored Figured Bobinets,
Cambric an I Furniture Dinieties,
Furniture and Apron (Mucks, and Plaid Domestics,
Bed Tickings ami Brown Jeans,
Cotton Osnaburgs, Brown Shirtings and Sheetings,
Tuscan and Straw Bonnets,—
Together xrith many other desirable Goods, to
numerous to insert.
rrj»*»Thev also have on hand, a largo assortment ol
FAMILY GROCERIES, Hats, Ladies* and Chil
(Iren’s Shoes, Hardware and Cutlery, Iron, Steel
( astiugs. Salt, Side I,rather, iNc. (Nr.
They respectfully solicit a call from all persons
dealing in this market, believing that they will make
it their interest to do so. p n
FB NNKLIN, HI N T .V Co.
Opsosite th* Virginian Offiee
Oct. % "
Uo Merchants, Planters, Saddlers, Ac*
\\[F. are now opening our Full Stork ot F.nglish
T f Hardware, Cutlery, Saddlery, Guns, kc., «»
ported hy the ship Tulin II", direct from l.ivarpool
and also' a stock ol Domestic Goods, purchased Irom
the Northern mauulaeturers, at their lowest rates.—
We can trulv say. that such inducements to pur
chasers were never lit fore oll'ered in this place, as our
present assortment alVords. Our importations this
Tall are unusually henry, anil Goods are cheap. >> 1
earnestly ask purchasers to give us a call, a* we ten
confident of giving perfect satisfaction, both in'|ualily
and prices. H. IF h’D II.Mtl). , A
Siipn of the Golden Dirt/
f*ep. fit ' 101
KACOA AT < «»T
Ml N l\ N bKOW N, .1 h., nearly opposite the
. banks L\ nehbuip, oilers lor ■nle,cif first
ivst, l/,UO(l|hs. I \'in\ Hacok, of very stqwrior
qtialiiy, and equal to any in the market.
\ i.so,
*l,UOn lbs. principally Midlinps; a less costly ar
Iifli*, sound, and imtitely superior to the New Or
leaus. \\ lien* Midlinps arc piel» rred, they will
he sol<I as low as the hop round ; as the subscriber
is determined to sell all that lie has on hand.
\i.so,
IIi krim.n, hif thr barrel; Five hhds. brown
Supar ; Supar House Molasses; !,<HM> yards
l'lax Linen; Smith’s bellows's and Anvils,
V ices and Hammers. Fopether with an assort*
ment ol Hats, boots and Shoes.
At so,
( oM t e rio\ \mr.s ; such as Supar Kisses, and
a variety ol other ( (indies, at .17 j i ts. per pound.
ai so,
\ pri nt variety ol new and fashionable Cotton,
Silk ami Woollen Hoods; all of which will he
sold on tin* most reasonable terms.
Aupnst .1 ts
1 11 lltLKS I’ll i:li%
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant*
At his Old Stand, l.i/nehburg, F</.
I J I • I I h \ S hi> t hn nk s to those who hair heir to
1 A. loie favoured him with their pafronape, and
would inform them, .is well as tin* public peuei tll\.
bi ll In* intends lesiiminp Ins Night \ueiious tor tin
•sale ol Dry ( ioods, Itook*, Watches and Jcwclrs of
e\eiy desci ipt ion, \ < . on Tuesday mpht, the ‘J?nd
instant, and eo nt in lie r»*p u |j 11\ thereat ter, e\ ei v 'Flies
day and I inlay iiiL'Ilt during the Fall and \\ intei
seasons. Consignments thankfully received, and
strict attention piven.
i. whs. M;<;nor:.s,
nmlru iy other ilesci'tptioii of property " ill It sold
on application, oil 11«* i mot out of 1 own, on tile most
liberal terms. Northern and Southern merchant*
wishing to I'orw.ird articles of an\ description, to lo*
sold .it auetioiiin Lynchburg, tnav be assured they
will receive every attention as to their care, and that
they "ill he pidirmnsly ollcrcd in our market for sale.
Ml order* will he strictly attended to, and return* on
consignment* speedily made.
M*p I \ H
\ Trni'lirr Wiinlrd.
ON |! "ho can come satislacloi ilv rccoinmondrd
as to chaiacter and ((iialifiratious to leach the
Latin and fJrcrU, Heading, Wilting, (i«ographv,
l/l^inents nl history, I'.nghsh tVramniar, F.Ncrcigr*
in l ompnsition ami \ i it lirnehc, may obtain a good
and profitable School bv«arl\ application to fhesuh
srriber, neai Amherst Courl house.
J. rKTTYJOlLN.
Sep 2* Is
• 1 Teaeher II Vwfrff.
M VN I mm do to lit years of age, ol good mora
* character, and who i* well <pi ah tied to teach l he I
branch*:* usually taught m this country, may bear ol
a situation, on applicatiun to Mi. John Marty «»l
Lynchburg. Letters must be post paid.
August HI. ti
W A \TI:I) I M AI i:IM ATi:LV,
F 11 W () or three Juurnrymen Saddler* and I l.ir
1- nrss Makers, to whom constant employ incut,
(if competent hands,) and good wage* will be giv
rn. Apply to J. <’. Ml \( KLKFOIM).
07** Any letter* on the subject, addressed to
nte, will meet with prompt attention. J. (*. S.
Oct. 12 t,
BNm:ini\L.
(%1 ISS \NN HHXt'I'.ean accommodate iita or
1*1 three young ladies with hoard. I ler residence
i* near M r. It eid's sehnol.
Sept. 2* rs
mmuriVL
IIS. ,1 \ M F, S ran accommodate six or eight
1"I young Ladies with board. I ler residence "ill
be convenient to the schools.
Sept,2.* u
roie Ki:\ r,
The tcncmiMil occupied hv the stili
■uiihcr on .Main-slrrrt, next door to
the \ ii ainiaii Oflicc.
fly6" \ 11 persons In viitg Watches or Jcuclri
left with hint fot repair, arc rrc|U('strd to call anil t
take tin III aivav, ax lie experts soon to ho absent ,
from this place. FI). BROWN.
Sep. 28 ts
Itonixl :*n«l tires' TiLiii.:,
IN all the various Fashions, ami ill the nontext
manner on moderate lerinx,—opposite the \ ir
gillian Oilier. \lso, Laps, Capes anil I loaks.—
iiy mbs. tkcslow sV i)\cfiirrr.Rs.
OjV" Ladies are invited to call.
Oct. :> fit |
ico ci.oTiir.vr;.
PL \\ r hits anil House Keepers, desirous nf
obtaining great hat gains in Blankets, ( axsinrttx,
Ktilldd f'lrthes and other (.noils suitable for Mouse
or Field hands, would do well to call on
ROBINSON J. Fl.I.IOTT.
Oct. 5 ,k _ |
W Ortnher, 1833.
FA SfO. Y ill /. K IIO. Y. YE TS. \
I' AMII.S wishing to hare the rcry latest style of
-J Bonnet, ran gratify their taste by railing at the
Fancy Store ol ROBINSON X I.I.I.IOrr.
Oct. ft «s
\oli<r io Wood C liopprrM.
rpiir, subscriber will pay forty rents cash lrereortl,
l for cutting and ranking five llioiisainl cords nf j
Wood at Oxford Furnace, ucai Lvnchhiirg.
WILLIAM IIOSS.
Oct. 5 ^t
New Arrival of 35nt“s, lOTcdicinos. dtc.
\irr. have tin* dav rrri iv il a full supply of
f V Mil'US. W 1.1)111 SUS. I’MSTS, OII.S.
ID E-S'J’l:/•'I'S. J)T. kr-. three! from the Northern
markets, which we rail rrcoiiimriol t" physicians,
merchants,anil ill*’ public generally, as fresh, genu
ine, anil of the veiv best quality.
We h are also received ILusins. in whole and hall
boxes; I'igs; Prunes; (’itron; Preserved (linger,
and other \\ est India Sweetmeats of superior quality ;
Muscat With : Lemon Svrnp ; (-andiesof every va
riety ; and many other nstieles in our line, which will
he sold on reasonable terms. Our friends are. invited
local), our stork being now nearly complete.
J. T. J. K. KOYAIJ,.
.1 line 1 iliifot' ts
JOB PRINTING
p i Errrr.n i r rms office.
!'i *m /.it'i rpool Papers to tht H/fi Siptcmher, rr
rfired at \ar York.
I hr House of ('ominous has dLpla v ed a Vei\
unexpected degree of complaisance, lia\ing aMi*eed
• * inan\ of the mueiidmeiits lo flic corporation re
form hill, adopted fix tin* lords. V committee of
cmdeiencc was then appointed to lax before the
lords the reasons of the commons for opposing
sonic of the amendments—and immcdiatelx nth r,
j the consolidated fund hill, with the appropriation
j clause xxas passed—al the solicitation of the than
i cellor of the exchequer, Mr. Home wishing a far
thru postponement until the course of the lords in
the matter of the amendments should hr Unown.
Lord John ILissell went up to the lords with tin*
reasons, A c. ot tile commons, attended bx nearlv
all the members present. Hut birds appointed to
manage the t ontcreiiee were, the Lord piixv seal,
duke of ltichnmnd, earl of Slufteshm \, bishop of
ItriMol, lord Auklnnd, lord Melbourne, and vis
count llatherton.
On the next dax , 1th of September, the amend*
I nients of the commons xvere taken up and disriis
sed at great length, and the most important ol
them were agreed to. They adhered however to
their former decision on the clause relative to the
| appointment of magistrates—who, bx the hill as
originally passed, xvere to he elected bv the peo
ple, hut the lords'amendment vested their appoint
ment in the king, and to this amendment tlirx have
adheied.
\ emiiliuttee n .is n|>11(>in11 -.I In tin- lords to draw
tip reasons I'm not agreeing in all the aincmliiicnlv
ol I lie i onimolis—11 icy piepired lensniis which
wore presented nil Saturday I lie ."ilh o| Septem
ber, and agreed to—lord Melbourne remarkioe,
when the motion was mild* for then adoption, as
follows :
“ My lords, I do not rise lo object lo the pro
position of the noble duke, il basing been deli i
iiiined on by your lordships that the amendments
which base been made by you shall he insisted
i upon ; hut at the same lime I iim.sl mi, having
declined lo agree to the amendments when they
were proposed, il cannot he supposed that I adopt
| the reasons ; I liavr onlv now lo repeal, m\ hods,
(hat I still maintain m\ opinion ol tin* opposition
which v our lordship* have manifested to tin* hill,1
and I rauiiot help thinking that llm proceedings ol
i your lordships may hr attended w ilh consequent i s
i whn h we all nitty have cause* in regret."
Iln* approach lo agreement he!ween tin1 two
houses, is no dnuht to hv ascribed, in part at least,
to tin; very conciliatory speech ol Sir Nolmit
Pe el.—'Plie general impression was that tin- hill
would Imall\ pass both houses with noarlv all (he
Amendments of the lmtk.
On the *Jd, in tluj Mouse of Commons, “ Mr.
Home observed that he Mewed llm Lords as an
irresponsible body, and therefore as being now in
(he Wii\ of good legislation ; and that therefore, ;
next session, he should move the appointment ul fli
select committee lo impiirr into (lie iniinhei ol tin
Mouse ol Lords—(he qualifications and privileges
of (hat Mouse—llm constituiions ol the Mouse, and
how f.n il had fulfilled (hr duties of legislation ;
also into the conference*, thr present mode hr c on
sidered as degrading to the ('ominous, for while*
the y were obliged lo .stand with hats off, the Lords
were* seated, and with hats on."
“Mr. ( uihhert Nippon gave* not ice that next session i
he* should move for leave to bring in a hill to relic*v e
the; an libixhops anil bishop-, from thru allrmlain r
the House ul l.ords ; also lor a nira.suir providho
ilia! where deans ami chapters hud not the cure o|
souls, the profits thereof should hr placed in tin
hands of i;unimissioiiers of the crow n, regard being
had to existing interests.”
Ilnl'sr: or Louns.—Mr. O’Connell, on ITidnx
night, ga\c notice that he should, in the nest Si s
Mims of1 * a 11 in mi- nt, move fur the appoint.nl ol
a select commuter, “ to impure and report ivhelli
or it he necessary for the niaintenanee of the rights
and liberties uf the people of (ire.il liiil.iiu and
Ireland, that the principle of representation sh ill
he introduced into the other House of I’.nlia
incnt.”
.loserit Itossr urn .—The (... do Survil
liets, (says the I.ixrrpool 'I ones ol September H,)
and his brother l.ttrien, the prince ('.initio, have
been passing a fetv days in this town at the \ili-lplii
Hotel.
The count xx III embark thi- morning by die pat k
et ship Momiiigahela, ('apt.tin llroxxn, liir I’ltila
delpllia, lo visit his estates, as well as his li lends ill
\ merica, xvlirre hr has made himself deserx edlx'
populur, during a residence of sonic sixteen or se
venteen years.
The death ol the 11 on. Mr. N.irrv, I nitcd States
minister to Spain, is announced in tin Live i pool
papers. Ik* died in that town on Sunday, the .‘jOtlj
of August.
rim task of writing thr life.* of that emiment mis
siouary and oric*ntal scholar, Mr. Morrison, has
boon undertaken hv Mr. Claime, of Manchester,'
one of his oldest and nicest intimate friends.
Sir Konr.irr I,»:i:i. at Tamwoiitii.— \ public
dinner was given to Sir Robert Nei l at Ttimworth
on the 4th of September, on which occasion lie of
course made a speech. \\ c quote the following
extract :
“ Il might lie s.iiil that I mn caiitimislv a voiding
In make any referenrc to America, lint that I run*
fine myself solely to the countries of I'.iirope. It
might lie sniil, and I know it will lie contended,
that the democratic, principle lias hern successful
in America. It will lie said that under this govern
ment the people enjoy civil and other rights almost
to equality, and yet that country is aide to defend
itself from, and even to punish aggression from a
liroad. I shall lie told, if I look to the States of
America, I shall find an adoption of the popular |
principle has been successful there. \ erv well, I
look to the States of South America, where the!
popular principle has hern ini in pointed, and can
I arknowledge that It has licen .successful in those
States, when almost every newspapr that reaches
me talks of insurrections among them ? (Hear,
hear.) Y\ lias lias prevented the establishment of
a regular government in those states if the form of
a popular one was so very good?—(Hear, hear.)
If the principle is collect In which wo are told
that we can govern ourselves, and that there is no
advantage to lie derived from our ancient institu
tions, and front obedience to mithoritv, how Imp
liens it that revolutions in tho states I have just
mentioned do not form exceptions, hut rather a
general rule? (Cheers.) The real revolution
that will happen in South America will he that by
which a regular and pennant government will he
established in that country. (Hear, hear.) ] have
I admitted that the popular form of government lias
! been successful in the North American States, hut
. I deny the general position, that because il has suc
{ eroded there it w ill suit this country. Nxii'lh Amcr
' ica is a wide and extensive country.. It contains
' » vaef tract of bind nnorcupied, to which the dis
— .■- ■■ I ■ ■■■*■»— ■ I ■ —
contented and disaffected can In* sent, and its po
sition alone makes n widely different from K.ng
laud. The republican institutions fli.it will suit a
new country may not till* tb.it account suit a coun
try w liicli contains men educated as we are, sub
ject to Midi laws as we are, and holding property
by stirli i edits as we do,and having prejudice*,/yell
mav call them prejudices if vmi will,) that connect
us with the ancient monarchy ol f md.ind. (Loud
C ’beers.)
Let it not hiMinderstnod thill from what I have
said I hear any ill will townids the American*.
No 1 on the con*wry I w ish them all possible suc
cess, to themselves as well as to their government.
Let them believe me when I sav, that 1 would
tatlier see them happy undei then republican in
stitutions, than see any form of government, even
monarchy, tw which I am so much attached, con
firm the unhappiness of that people. Though we
received accounts of the happiness ol the people
of the l oiled States, I do not see that that is any
reason why this country should adopt a republican
form of (iovernment. (a ear, hear.) Hut I hap
pened to read m a paper which I shall ipiote, it is
an authority*-! allude to an article wlmh I read
in it on the ifAth ot VugiM, IMind, the pa
per I am ipioting from is not a (’onservative jour
nal, but one that strenuously espouse* the cause of
the pit sent (loveriiiueitt. I ipioto tho extract,
Hot that I have a wish to show* the iinlnippines* of
the people of the l oiled Stales, lint when I was
fold of the happiness ot the people of that country,
I w as ratlin startled at the article in (giestiou, mid
it gave me much reason to doubt ot the vaunted
happiness of the inhabitant'. of the l'oiled Stall s,
when I find the follow iug article inserted in n jour
nal that professes to he the organ of the present
< •ovrrnment :—•* The new s cotniuned in the New
York papers which have hern brought ovei by the
Philadelphia are full of melancholy interest—an
insurrection among the slaves in I lav annuli-—tile
spmnl ot the Minimal \ mode of punishment called
“ Lv'iicli law”— (IIv tin* by , b\ Lynch law is meant
hanging a pel son w ithout trial) (a Ltm*It)—and the
hanging ol live gamblers at Y ickshmg without trial
—acts of aggression on the part of the authorities
of Michigan upon the inhabitants of Toledo, Ohio
—at)d the seizure at Livingston, Mississippi, ol
t\v > abolition picurhci", anil ol seven negroes,
w ho appear to have been hanged in the Min ts b?
the exasperated inhabitants with a small form ol
trial, scarcely constitute a bare catalogue of enor
mities wliiili these papers contain.” <*entlemen,
this is the testimony of the Luglish paper I alluded
to, and die following is the testimony ol the New
Y oi k I .veiling Post — “ The account w liich w e pub
lish in another rohiutn from an extract of the To
ledo (( Him) (iazetle w ill he pei used by our leaders
with regno. \\ itb civil feuds in the North, tu
multuous proceedings ol an anarchical and lain!
charailer in the \\ esf, and a servile war in the
South, to nay nothing of the factious and iucetidia
ry spun which has lately broken out in various
pails o| our Atlantic border, the country does in
truth exhibit at present a spectacle to the Luropeau
nations which wo fear will ha commented upon in :
a way not calculated to rccomureud the example
of a popular government,” Now, gentb men, i!
you only hear in mind wo.it ha* been the issue of
similor experiment'., you will not very nun h in
dtiign in a popular (invermm lit.
I K \N< I .
I lie Lhamhei of l>cputi<vs adjourned sine die
on the ‘illfll of August, having passed all file new
laws proposed in const (pioucc of (lie crime
of I i icschi.
I lie < on(vspondt nis ol tlie London press in
Paris without distinction id p.irtv, seem to think
that some violent commotion is about to take
place in the I leiicli capital. Pho reductions in the
I ri'iich arinv have been tinespectedly stopped.
Tho rt'Milis as si”iiril nre some ilisavtcrs «liii li
tin' nrmy lia< him «illi in Africa anil tin- iIiMiiiIn <1
state in Spain.
SI* \ l V
Don Carlos was at Aroni/. on the iillili of An
gust—(trncral Cordova on tin* same day at
Lodosas.
I he Ml itish Legion, under (•ennr.il Lvntis, had
their first alfair on the L,,)lh, at Onnnendi, where
they attacked and earned some buildings fortified
hy the ( artists, whom they dispersed, killing and
capturing some 150 ol the eniiny.
I he provinces ol \ ale.icia, Catalonia and
\ragon, had entered into a species of alliance,
and were determined to stand hy eacli oil er to the j
last. They insist on having a ch.liter like that ol
Helginm, and on that condition only w ill uphold
the i ight ol (|iiecn Isala Ha.
Don Corlos, it appears, is to he married to hi\
nicr, the Princess lleira, sistei of Don Miguel and
I>011 Pedro, and ol his laic w ife. She is TJ years
ol age and ol vigorous constitution nod mind.
I’oim cal.
Tim l.ili',i intelligence from Lisbon is dated dm
-«dol \ugusi. At lli.it time die talk was Mill of a
marriage with the prime of Sa ve fohlnirg (ii.tlin,
a youth ol seventeen, alula ('adiulie.
Avai.a.m in. i\ S« i r/.i hi vno.— /’mu, Sr fit.
—I June a letter this illuming, dull'd die -dl 11 nil, |
from die town ol Ilex, in Switzerland, in whirl) an ,
account is given n! one of those |ihenoon ua in
uhirhdnit mouuluiunu.s region is liable. On dir
-dih id August, a rutisideruhlc portion of die prill- !
cipal peak of the Deni do Midi, nnu of the great i
spurs ul Mont Blanc, fell with a tremendous crash
ititu a deep and narrow valley, situate about a
league to the estward of Si. Maurice, on the
road to Maitigny, where an accident of a similar
nature occurred in the year ISIS, hut it ended
with much inure disastrous results, as then tin less i
than d0<• houses were washed away in a moment.
In this recent instance the peak in its fall carried
with it a glacier, which, filling, up the valley,
dammend up the stream which, ran through it un
til it had acquired sullirient force to drive before
it the whole mass of earth and rocks into tbe bed
ul tin- It hone, the course ot which became uii com
pletely harried as to dry op till below it, and con
vert the upper part ol its rugged and rocky course
into a sui t of temporary lake. It was ott die fourth
day alter the hill from Dent du Midi that tho letter
belore me was written, and up to that time this
extraordinary interruption to the course of the
Itliono still continued, disturbed from time to time
by intermittent bursts of the glowing flood across
tbe barrier, tbc recurrence of which so uncertain
its to deter the approach of the curious. It was
not known that any lives had been lost, but it may
be well to add that the passage across the Alps by
the great Simplon road is for the present cut ell'.
An attempt bad been begun to re-open die com
munication by a provisional road, which xvus to
describe a considerable circuit, but it was nut ys-t
known what success was likely to attend it.
Spain.—Tbe New York Courier gives further
particulars front die South of Spain, received bv
,the Empress on Saturday.
“ The revolutionary spirt which caused tbe
movements at Saragossa and Barcelona in tholut-'
it'r rml nftlir niuiitli of July, has spread with grc®*
i rapidity to all the provinces situated on the Med*
iferruoun, to Valouciu, Alicant, Murcia, Curtila
ge na, ('ronada, Malaga, Cordova, Seville and
.luoii, and there seems every probability that ere
this, it has reached the internal provinces of E*
Irumndura, and the tivu Castillos, not excluding
Madrid. The national guard appears lo have
taken a prominent part in putting down the lato
order of things, and proclaiming in its stead, tlm
constitution of INI?. At Malaga, the governor
apointed hy the queen, p'uccd himself at the head
1 ot the movement, and supported by all the nation
al guard anil even hy many of the regular troops
i ol the garrison, met with little nr no serious op
position. At the convent of San Francisco, where
a guard of soldiers was placed for its protection, a
lew citizens were killed hy the troops, who how*
ever Were soon overpowered.
The people generally were highly excitod. Hih*
anils hearing the inset iptinn Constitution o Muerte,
were w orn on their lints ; their cry was,* the Con
stitutional, the Isabella I Land Liberty.’ Againtst
the monks and frinrs their rage seems to iinvc been
particularly directed. In some places they were
killed, in other driven away. The monasteries
have all hern closed, anil some of ihem (the finest
edifices in the somthmn provinces,) reduced lo
ashes. All the civil and military officers appoin
ted by the queen, w ho refused to join the revolu
| lummy parly , w ere depriv ed of their stations, and
these filled vv iih I'lira Liberals. Some private
letters sav that the revolution Was brought about
hy the Constiliiliomilisls with the view of prevent
ing the arcomplishiiieut nfii plan of Louis Philip
pe, » loch was to affiance the eldest suit of 1)011
Carlos lo tin- y omqj queen, and plnce him on llio
throne, and thereby 1 heck the further progress of
ilheral opinions, as well as put an end to thu war
ill (lie Masque provinces.
DEATH OF MIL MAMMY—The following
letter from I’. M. Ogden, Esq. (I. S, Consul lor
Liverpool, contnimi the painful intelligence of the
death of Major llviiuv, our Minister lo Spain.
“ No man, (says the (ilohe, in announcing his
dentil) evwi evhihited more amiable Hails of pli
cate 1 hai.it n r than Mr. Marry . Ills manners were
of the softest, blandest, kindest rust. Menevolence,
'generosity and the nicest sensibility, were striking
traits of his life ; and iideoil, Ins very faults and
luislol nines grew nut of all over confiding and Con
ceding nature.”
i x i n v< t,
t iisMi i vri: nr rnr. Unitck Nt.vtks, ^
Livi nniot, Aug.Hist, 1835. i
The II cm..Tolui Eursv tli, Secretary of Slntn, «!kr.
Sir:— \ ii opportunity nlferinp yesterday by u
transient vessel, I avail myself nf it, to convey to
you tbo painful nows ol the dentil of Mis Excel
lency WILLIAM T. IIAKII V, will), on bis wav
to the ... of Madrid, arrived at ibis pint on the
Hub inst. lie lauded in .1 tittle of pent dohilitv,
mill was ininiediatelv attended hv two nf the first
medical men of the place; bis malady however,
was beyond the reach of limnnn relief, nnd Im
sunk under it pndiinllv, w ilboiit pain or Miflerino
of any kind—lie brentlu-d bis last about II o’clock
yesterday, and w ill be interred in the most respect -
fill manner, but without ostentation, oil the day
alter lit-inorrow.
I have the Imnnr to be,
A our obedient servant,
| Sijrucd, 1 I'll AS. U. OtiflEX.
*i;i.c:<rio\s.
Ynmig Marry, «lm Has runvirteil nf lining Con
rnrnnil in tlinilnstrnrtinn of the < 'onvent lit Cliurles
tnh it, has hnnii |ianlnnnil by thn Governor of
Massarhnsntts. Thn Hnstnn Gazette states that
ihr li ienils nl Marry nil benrini! of bis liberation,
limit n salute nt min liumlrnil eiin*.
rim I'aynttnvilln (\. ('.) Jnurnal of llic Slbl
nil., slates that Mr. Jnsn|ili I luhbaiil, nl thal town,
Has shot ill ail nn the |irnrniliiiii Saturihiv, in en
ih avuiirinq In nsrnpn from a party sent to arrest
him fur a high misdemeanor, the thn nature of
m liirli is imt staler).
Liiir.t..— Mevander McIntosh Marpherson, of
IMtiladt Iplii.i, a nistoni liousc officer, has been
mulcted in damages to the amount of $2000, for a
lilu l w ritten to the President of (’uited Slain
some lime since, against the character of John J|.
Ilullicistadt, I'.mj. ol the same citv.
S\ow.—Snow Irll on the 1st inst to the depth
of lull tilt inch, in Montrose, Sustpichannn Co.
I’eanvy Ivania.
The llo". I'. S. I'l l sisirit, of Mississippi,
speaks ol one ol bis political opponents, tbu edi
tor oftlie I’on tiibson Correspondent, in the fol
low iug good nultircd way. Such a paragraph al
most gives its a kindly feeling towards Mr. 1’., in
spile ol .ill the sills lie has committed, and the ma
ny hard things we have lioon obliged to say of him.
I he inan is evidently improving. Mow much bet
ter to treat an opponent thus, than to fl_v into a
passion. [/,ouisrille Jour.
“ I'he editor of the ' Cortespondenl’ has occasi
onally lashed me with no little severity, hut 1 give
him credit lor < niisistenry. 1 wish I could any as
much for others. There has never been a great per
sonal difference betw een us. There is a similarity in
our history, or I might havesnid there wasa congeni
ality of fceliugbetwcenus when we first became ar-^^
qtiaiuted in Jackson in 1823. Il l recollect righj^flf!
the only difference between ns was tbit: lie wen^^^
there ns a journeyman printer : 1 went there in the
capacity of teacher ; he rode an old horse there on
a pair of saddle lug. without any saddle ; I went
on foot ; lie walked away with his saddle bags on'
liis shoulder ; I rode off an old horse, which soon
died, however, and left me on foot again. Neither
of us had any money when we went there, nor did
we take away any; he went off clear of debt; I
was a little embarrassed. He soon got to be own
er and editor oftlie 'Port Gibson Correspon
dent,' and afterwards a member of thg, Legislature;
I also got into the Legislature and into Congress.
If vou sue him, remind liim of old times, and tell
him to speak ef my political course fully in this
journal, but not to abuse me. I have never said
I any tiling against him. It is true, I thought lie
; rose a little too rapidly for • man of bis capacity,
i and so lie thought by me. Neither bad tile advan
tage on that score.”
As the steamboat Swan was leaving the dock
|at South Amboy, on tbe 7tbtnst.-for New York,*
voung gentleman nuined Baxley, brother of Capt
| Baxley, LT. S. Army,-in attempting to loop «a
; tioanl, missed tla» hoot and fell into the woter.
fie was struck b>- tho wheel,.thrown under, and
iwas soen no -