lingtoa and elsewhere for these It yean
past with the greatest success, and per
formed the most astonishing cures we
have ever known ; he has had remarks
hie success in curing different diseases
of the eyes, some of which have been
blind for a number of years, altd have
applied to some of the most eminent sur
geons at Philadelphia who have judged
Uiem incurable—and afterwards have
been brought to their perfect sight bv his
superior knowledge. In cases of blind- ;
■ess, deafness, consumption, king’s
evil, dropsy and dead palsy, we have
heard of no doctor in America that has
had as great success ia performing per
manent cures ; he has also performed a
number of remarkable cures of the most
obstinate kind of cancers, and the dis
ease called the tetter—id short, it is ge
nerally believed by thos who have em
ployed him several yean in the most dif
ficult cases, and in coma >n practice that
he has been the most a ceessful in all
chronical complaints, o any surgeon or
physician in the country —and we think
it a duty incumbent on is, from what
We have seen and heard to inform the
public for their benefit, his extraordi
nary skill in difficult complaints, that
they may have an opportunity of being
relieved by some of the most alarming
diseases which otherwise may rcatain
and render them miserable while they
live.
EDWARD COLLINS,
North Third street.
JAMES M. BISPHAM,
Market street.
March 16, 1803.
•••••••s•••s•1•••••••»••»•»
BOSTON, January 17.
SPANISH WAR.
We can state on the authority oflctters
from Madrid, as late as the 8th Novem
ber, that the British minister had left
the Spanish court; and that no doubt
existed of a war between the two coun
tries.
The Spanish frigate La Vengeance ia
arrived at Cadiz, and the frigate L’ Am
phitrite at Corunna, both from Ameri
ca, wi|h six million three hundred thou
sand dollars. Another frigate. La Sa
biua, with seven millions was expected.
On board the Mercedes, Spanish ship,
which blew up in the late action with the
British frigates, it if painful to state,
that there was nineteen lady passengers,
who perished with the rest of the un
happy persons on board.
January 181
It is stated in yesterday’s paper, on
the authority of a letter from Madrid, of
November 8, “ that the British minis
ter bad left that city, and there was no
doubt of a, war between Great Britain
and Spain.”
It has long been known that the Bri
tish minister, Mr. Frere, had left the
Spanish court ; a general expectation of
war followed, and some hostile mea-^
aures were adopted ; but affairs after
wards assumed a pacific appearance.—
But if the person to whom the diploma
tic duties were- committed when the mi
nister withdrew, has left Spain, it is
certainly an unfavourable aymptom.
However, ifhia Catholic majesty can
~~ avoid war he will : He will not add that
ealamitv to pestilence, famine and civil
commotions.
England and Spain. The last account
from Spain to November 17, 1804, are
of a pacific aspect, and those from En
gland a*e not hostile. At the last date
from Cadiz no preparations for war with
Great Britain were making ; nor any
talk of expected war ; notwithstanding
the capture of the treasure frigates had
bee:i fully confirmed. On recurring to
the information given by Lord Harrow
by, to the London merchants in Sep
tember last, it will be found, that the
unneutral armaments making in Spain,
had caused the English ministry to de
mand satisfactory explanations of their
destinations ; which Spain had neglect
ed or refused to make. About the same
time, the Spanish ambassador in Lon
don, was informed, that until a satis
factory explanation had taken place, no
ships of war, and particularly those sup
posed to be freighted wjth treasure,
would be permitted to enter the ports of
Spain. It has since been asserted in
the American, papers, that an armament,
{ designed for the Florida*, to support the
Spanish authority therein; has been
made, but has since been dismantled-—
If this was the armament complained of,
if it be discontinued, and the Spanish
government has thnsrepresentedit to
the court of London, and promised to
^ 1 observe an honest neutrality ; ilj o\ir o
pinion the ostensible cause of the die'
V ) * *ui >4 ^
tome latent dale of hostility remains, a
war between thWwo nations will not now
take place. Wnethcr the vessels and
property captured, will be restored, is
a question we cannot solve. Our opi
nion is, that they will not be, during the
present war. In one of the last English
papers, it is mentioned, that the money
would be retained in England,' pending
another negotiation to lie opened, * on
the old subject of the “ Manilla ransom.”
If may be recollected that in 176S, a de
tachment of troopa from Madras, com
posed of soldiers, sailors, seapoys, ca
fres, liscars, topases, and French and
German deserters, and commanded by
General (Sir William) Draper, in an
expedition against the Spanish Philipine
isles, took the town of Manilla,by storm,
and the officers found it extremely diffi
cult to prevent the motley troops from
making the city feel all the rapaciousness
to which a city taken by storm is sub
jected from the common men. Promi
ses of remuneration for their bravery
and sufferings were made this collection;
and a capitulation was entered into be
tween the British and Spanish officers
for s^ch compensation as might satisfy
them, and exempt the town from pillage.
By one of the articles, four millions of
dollars were to be paid by Spain, as a
ransom for the citv of Manilla, and the
effects of the inhabitants ; who, in con
sequence, were protected is their reli
gion, liberties and property. Peace
succeeding soon after, the Spanish go
vernment refused to ratify the capitula
tion ; and the payment of the ransom
has been evaded to this dav. It would
be in the style of Mr. Pitt’s “ gt-stion
of affairs,” werethe money to be detain
' ed as a guarantee of the fulfilment of the
capitulation on tht part of Spain.
[Botton Cent inti.)
Extract of a letter from Litbon, to a gen*
tie man in Philadelphia.
“ I am sorry to say our political herri
zon again blackens ; ‘.here is sn appear
ance of war between England and Spain,
and should it take phee, the situation
of this country will be truly unpleasant.
“ The state of Spain >s peculiarly dis
tressing, but msny of its misfortunes ire
to be attributed to its bad government.
Plague, famine, earthquakca, civil dis
sentions (in the province of Biscay) al
ready harrass it; a foreign war threat
ens i public confidence is gone ; its na
tional treasury empty ; ha debt great;
the spirits of the people broken ; the
manners of the great vicious; the indo
lence of the poor proverbial.—Such a
combination of evils must inevitably lead
to destruction. How little to he envied
is the monarch who governs it.”
CONGRESS of the U. STATES.
MOUSE of REPRESENTATIVES.
January IH.
Mr. J. Randolph, horn th« committee
of way* and means, asked leave to report
a bill making an appropriation for the
j support of the military establishment for
| the year 18oJ, and le«vt being granted,
I he reported a bill accordingly, which
t was read twice, and referred to a com
mitiee of the whole for Monday next.
The chairman of the committee of re
vival and uohnished buiinr.ss made a
further report, that the law regulating
the manner of taking evidence in certain
cases had expired, and ought to be re
vised ; also.
The law for incorporating the inhabi
tants of the city of Washington, would
expire with the end of the present sessi
on, and that it ought to be renewed.
The report was referred to a commit
tee of the whole for Monday.
I Mr. I. Randolph presented the petiti
! on of Henry and William Stewart, of
Germantown, in the county of Philadel
phia (Pennsylvania) callicOprinters and
dyers, praying to be allowed a drawback
on. India goods printed by them, equal
to "the drawback on foreign printed arti
cles. Referred to the committee of
commerce and manufactures.
January SO.
The Bill mak ing an appropriation for
completing the public buildings in the
city of Washington, has passed the Se
nate.
On Thursday last. Dr. Eustis called
up a resolution which he had before laid
on the table, declaring it to be expedient
to erect a navy yard adjacent to the o
cean, for the reception of the frigates be
longing to the United States, on their
return from the Mediterranean which
on motion of Mr. Dana was referred to.
a committe of the whole, and made the
order for Monday next.
Mr. Purviance offered a resolution for
referring the propriety of giving the Dis
trict of Columbia a lorat legislature to
the Secretaries of State and Treasury
and the Attorney General, to report
thereon at the ne*t session-Ordered
to lie on the table.
NORFOLK, January 18.
It is with sincere regret we state that
the privateer, mentioned in our last as j
having been left engaged with the Ar
dent, has succeeded in capturing sever
al of the homeward bound fleet of mer
chantmen from St. Domingo for Balti
more.—Our informant is a sailor who j
was landed on Wednesday, from on
board the Privateer, at Cape Henry. He
states that he was on board the schoon.
cr Anna-Maria, Bnant, of Baltimore,
which was among the vessels taken.—
The Ardent succeeded in beating off the
privateer, who mistaking her guns (32lb
carronadcs) for wooden ones, ran close
along-side and fired into her, but receiv
ed immediately a discharge of grape and
langrage, which killed a great number
of her men.—After maintaining a short
action she sheared off, and went in chase
of the other vessels. She was after
wards beat off by the Lioness and Feli
city. He says that she made right or
ten prizes ; of which he recollects the
names only of the brigs Hunter, Cap.
tain Williams, and Philip, Captain Buff
ington. The ship Ardent Ke thinks ei
ther has founderrd or will-founder. She
was extremely crazy and deeply laden ;
and must have been much injured in the
action, if not by the fire of the privatet r,
bv the weight of her own metai—she was
very leaky when she sailed.
The privateer is not a schooner, hut
a brig, called Le Buonaparte, belonging
to Point-Petre, Gaudaloupr, mounting
eighteen guns, and had three hundred
men on board when she attacked the fleet.
She was chased by the Cambrian frigate !
on Tuesday, but ran her out of sight in
a few hours. She is now off the Capes,
cruising for the remainder of the fleet,
and for vessels, bound outward for St.
Domingo.
, By an atrir&klhis day from Port-au
Prince, ws have a confirmation of the
report via New-York, of the intention pf
Dess.dines to inarch an army against the
city of St. Domingo.
Extract ofale’trr tt a gentleman in Aretv
Tcri, dated Cadiz, November 13. j
“ 1 he news yesterday from the inte- '
nor of this country is of-a very alarming
nature. , In m.mv places the people are |
in a sute of insurrection.—Wunt of I
bread has driven the lower classes to j
great extremity, and in consequence, j
to some shocking outrages. In one town j
the poorer inhabitants have risen in a I
mob and hanged the governor.”
MARTINS BURG, February I. -
r? We are authorised to inform the J
Citizens of Berkeley, Jefferson and J
Hampshire Counties, that Maj. JAMES
STEPHENSON has consented at the
request ofa number of his friends, to be .
a candidate at the ensuing Election for a !
Representative for this District in the ;
next Congress of the United States.
Willi am Moseley, Esq. was on the
5th instant by a joint ballot of both hous
es olthe legislature, elected Treasu
*tt of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
The following persons are appointed
Cashiers at the offices of discount and
deposit ol the Rank of Virginia, viz.
At Norfolk, Thomas Williamson.
Petersburg Joan Wilder.
Fredericksburg, Wm. Roberts.
The Honorable James A. Bayard,
-took his seat in the Senate of the United
States on the 15th ult.
Emperor of Hayti.—The Imperial
Crown, intended to be used at the Cor
ronation of the Emperor, Jaqpes the
first i is according to accounts from
Philadelphia, now an board a vessel be
longing to that place, frozen up in the
Delaware. It is the production of a '
French manufacturer in Philadelqhia,
and purchased, as it is said, at the mo
derate price of a cargo of coffer.
The severe cnmpuhiun'of the Weather
has at length obliged the ladies to wear
petticoats.
Pink elbows have faded a**y, in
compliance with the season. Where the
colour will fix itself, next, we know not,
unless in those complascent families
“ Where, alas ! the absent rose
“ Goes to paint the husband’s nose.”
[Phila. Pap.
DIED—Yesterday between 12 and
1 o'clock, after a lingering illness, Aqvt.
la JannkT, (Merchant) ag< d 45 years,
a respectable inhabitant o! this town.
[Alex. D. Adv. of Jan. IS.
-at the City of Washington, a
few days ago, the honorable Samuel J.
Potter, one of thtMoembers ot the. Se
nate of the United Stats. [Ibid.
Mediterranean Affairs.— I he mink- A
terial prints have shewn their zeal for'f
the interest of their employers, mingled
with some address, in palming upon the
public for splendid victories, what in tf»
feet will be found to have been defeats.
Availing themselves of the t nthusiasm
of the people, whose judgment was lost
or suspended in admiration of the brave
ry of their countrymen, the editors of
those papers hate had the art to delay
the investigation of a subject, which,
were it closely examined, would coi\>i
derably augment the massofdisgrace that
already loads our deleterious administra
tion.
Thewarv ith Tripoli is coeval with
the administration of Mr. Jefferson ;
and has been so conducted, as, in a pe
riod of nearly four years, to afford no
one solitary instance of advantage ; no
single circumstance to console the nation
for the immense expense it has occasi
oned : unless we find it in the pride
whith warms every American borom
when reading the relation of the indivi
dual gallantry displayed hv his fellow-ci
tizens, wherever it has had an opportu
nity of b«ing exhibited; a gallantry
which proves what might have been ac
complished had it been alloa^d a proper
latitude, were it not curbed mid repress
ed by the pusillanimous auspices under
which it is condemned to act; a gallant
ry which gives the assurance that the A
meyiran name is yet destined to appear
with lustre in naval history, maugre all
the philosophical whims, of trembling
speculators, who would supply our hands
with no other weapons than the hoe and
the plough share ; n ho would annihilate
our commerce and its defence ; and con
vert us into a drivelling nation of culti
vators.
It k now clearly ascertained that there
has Ween no want of talents Or of courage
in those who command and man our lit
tle fleets; and if nothing has been hither,
to effected, wc are obliged to conclude
that the foult it in those who, at home,
rendered all their talents and their cou
rage useless both to themselves and to
tln ir country; whose ambition might
desire to obtain the end, but whose nig.
gnriUy and contemptible economy deni
ed the efficient means.
The force originally sent into the Me
diterranean was adequate tono other Ob
ject than that of exciting the jealousv,
contempt, and derision of the Barbary
powers ; but was altogether insufficient
to produce a respectful impression of
our strength : while to its physical im
becility was added a moral weakness, in
the •illy instructions which restrained
Commodore Dale from making airy at
sauli upon Tripoli, or from capturing*,
ny ot her cruizers, unless in actual de
fence of the American trade, Th»* w«
believe is. pretty nearly the amount ofhil
orders: from which if those of Commo
dore Morris differed, it was only in this,
that they jffcve him the authority, bul
not the power of doing much injury. Of
this the administration were sensible,
when to protect their own reputation,
thev basely sacrificed his.
One of two conclusions must have
been adopted by the piratical powers up
on the arrival of such a fleet as was first
dispatched from the United States, t
its immediate conduct—-either that
government was incapable of any gr
exertion, or unwilling, on account
the expense, to employ n greater for
Either of those conclusions must ha
Eroduced the same effect. Perhaps I
itter reason would not have suggest
itself to them, although the true one. T
force we know was within corttroul, l
the expense was the bugbear that prec
ded its being resorted to. No once
approve of prodigality in thk rfishur
ment of the public treasure ; but, tht
is a kind of unsystematic and pcnuric
(economy which is infinitely niore di
tractive, and is alway s attended with d
grace, because its origin is an error
faction, and its progress unifot m mes
ness.and deception. Such is the spec
6f economy Openly and pompouslv boa
ed of by our present political rulers.
1 he bad effects of their own systt