THE AHVOCATE. j
MTXLE BOCK, JULY 31, 1835,_i
MDigoHt thin** rightly, touching the >vca!
of the Common.”
edited by albert .pike.
We have received accounts of public meet
ings on the subject of State Government, held
in Crittenden and Jackson counties-'—and
shall publish them as soon as we find room, j
It is supposed that 190,000 votes wit! bo
cast in Pennsylvania, at tho coming’ election
for Governor. It is said that Muhienyttigu ,
will get about 40,000—olt about 60,000 j
and ilitner, (tho Whig candidate.) about 90,
000. No bets can bo got against Ilitner. j
Heresy in the ranks.—The Huntsville j
Democrat, the leading administration paper :
in Alabama, says that Col. Johnson need ox- j
pact no support in that State. The Florence j
Gazette, too, which has been still more vio- j
lent in the cause of the succession than the
former paper, alleges that Col. Johnson is
decidedly obnoxious to the Democracy of the
State. Van Buren’s prospects are darkening
every day, and the Baltimore Convention is
already in bad odor.
The Georgia States’ Rights Convention
has nominated Robert L. Gamble for Gov- ;
ernor, and George C. Gilmer for Congress, |
to fill the place made vacant by the appoint
ment of Mr. Wayne to the Bench of the Su
preme Court.
Wo learn from a late number of the Natch*
ez Courier and Journal, that Robert J.
Walker has not been appointed Senator in
the place of Mr. Poindexter.
The editor of the Cincinnati Republican
was recently caught in the streets at mid
night, and put in the watch house for safe
keeping. What are we editors coming to?
They have found a man in the Cumberland
river, near Nashville, supposed to have been
murdered. The Banner says that there is an
unusual number of viiiains, thieves, robbers
and murderers in and about that city at pre
sent. Do they ever hang any men there!
President Jvckson left Washington on the
6th inat. for the Rip Rapa, where he intends
to remain some time. Mr. Van Burcn and
Mr. Forsyth, on the same day took lodgings
in Baltimore, and were there still on the eve
ning of the 7th.
Gen. Enoch Parsons, a White man, is out
in opposition to C. C. Clay, as a candidate
for Governor of Alabama.
General Juan Manuel do llosas haa beon
installed Supreme Dictator of Buenos Ayres, j
for five years, with unlimited power. Fran
cia is Dictator of Paraguay—and Santa Ana
of Moxico. So much for Spanish liberty!
The cholera haa abated in Tonnessoo.
A bridge is about to bo built over the Ohio,
at Louisville, by a joint stock company Suc
cess to the great West.
Chief Justice Marshall expired on the
Bth inst. at Philadelphia. His precise age
we have not seen stated.
John Marshall is a name which will de
scend to posterity without a single spot on its
pure and perfect tame. Under his fostering
care the Constitution and laws of the United
States have been settled and expounded, a
great and consistent system of national juris
prudence has grown up, displaying a wisdom
and sagacity which will forever insure it rev
crence ana aurammy. jus juaiciai exier
cnce commenced at nearly the same time j
with our Government. A wide field, full of
questions of Constitutional law, of the powers
cf Congress and the State judiciary, was
spread out before him, and one by one those
questions came up, and were clearly and con
clusively settled. The powors of Congress
and of the different Courts were defined and
fixed by his unerring interpretation of the
Constitution—and the Reports of the Su
preme Court of the United States have gone
on increasing in importance. All the great
questions which have come under the cogni
zance of that Court, have been settled with a
sagacity and a deep searching power of truth- .
ful argument, which forbids the idea that
they will ever be revived again. There has
been no man in this nation, except Washing
ton, who has had so much influence upon its
destinies as Marshall—and his fame will be
second only to that of the Father of his Coun
try. As a judge, he was inferior to no one
who ever existed. Neither Bacon, Coke,
Hale or Mansfield were his superiors, and in
modern years no judge in England has equal
led him. Compared with his decisions, those
of Kenyon, Ellenborough and Eldon shrink
into insignificance.
Who will be chosen to fill his place?—
Who is there, possessing his ability and in
tegrity—rbic stern and searching discrimina-.
tion— his simplicity and freedom from gauds
and ornaments, from weakness and eccentri
city! There arc but few men in this Union
on whom the mantle of Marshall ought to i
jest.
THE GAMBLERS, I1
Our readers will find in.another column,|j
the proceedings of the Anti-Gambling As-| <
kociation, formed in this town on Sunda) j t
last, 13
Our course with regard to the Gamblers J t
who haunt this town, has called down upon j £
us the animadversions ol both the 1 unes and j:
the Gazette, Our readers, therefore, will 1
have patience while we reply to both as brief- ■
ly as possible.
When we first published the account of the (
excesses in Vicksburg, we uttered senti- 1
ments which we shall ever entertain. We i
then declared that we could not look without
horror and disapprobation on such scenes
enacted in the eye of the law. To that opin
ion we still hold—and the reasons for it are,
to us, strong and conclusive.
Every man who urges, as the Times and
Gazette have done, that the people should
take vengeance, in defiance ofiaw, whenever
they may think it necessary, is urging the
people to throw down all law, and to establish
anarchy, revolutionary fury, and popular im
pulse, in place of it. It is confessing that a
republican people cannot pass laws by which
to defend, themselves—that our Government
and laws are weak--and that we are not ca
pable of sef-government. They insult the
people by telling them that they cannot make
laws strong enough to defend themselves.
It is a lamentable condition of things, when
wo are told by those who are the Watchmen of j
the people, that tho only way for us to defend
ourselves, is by trampling on all law, and re
enactinrr the scenes of revolutionary France.
Our convictions cu this subject aro briefly
told. We detest the Gamblers, as a class of
beings, as much as any man who has signed
the proceedings of that Association—but it is
our firm belief that where the sanctity o^the
ja w is at stake, the end does not justify the
means. If our laws are not sufficient—let us
make new ones. We are the people—and
can make them. While we belong to a free
and intelligent people, we will ever spurn
from us and expose the man or men who shall
dare to tell the people that they are not sen
sible &nough to make laws to defend them
selves—that they should have either anarchy,
mob law, Lynch’s law, or a Despotism. As
we arc a iiving man, wo would sooner choose
to confide our destinies to a Napoleon, than
to tho will of a people only governed by their
changeful impulses. We shall speak of that
part of our subject again before we conclude.
We were called upon by William Copp,
professedly a gambler, on Wednesday eve
ning, last weok, to publish the article which
appeared in the last Advocate, He ofl'ered
u« our price for advertising, which was Usicc
the common price. He paid us for it, wo
published it, and marked it paid. This
course has been the subject of censure from
both the Times and the Gazette. A few
words to each of them will put them out of
our way, and leave us to deal with tho public,
to whom alone we arc answerable, and to;
whom wo are always rca(],y to account. As|
the Times comes first, we will dispose of iti
first. The Editor of that papor accuses us of
being in favor of the gamblers, and of being!
brought to favor them by the paltry .sum ofi
fifteen dollars. We are not in favor of them,-,
and will explain, in the course of a few sen
tences, the reasons why we published that ad
vertisement, At present wo would only say,
that fifteen dollars may be an unimportant
sum to the rich old gentleman who edits the
Gazette, or the very liberal, careless, and
profuse publishers of the Times. No man
ever suspected either of the three of loving
money, or caring more about it than their
neighbors. To us, however, being rather
poor, and penurious withal, which neither of
them is, fifteen dollars ia no inconsiderable
matter.
We are sorry that we have lo6t the friend- j
ship and good feeling of the Times. We as
sure that paper, however, that we cannot be j
forced into a quarrel with it. We are not its j
political enemies—so far as any body knows !
any thing about its politics—and we have no- ■
thing to induce us ,to injure its Editor per
sonally. He has been rather profuse of hard
words &ga;nst us, but as he seldom seems to
know what his words mean, or to have any j
ideas scattered about among them, we do not
suppose that he meant any thing very bad
about us.
The Gazette also reprobates us—on both
pages of the paper—for publishing an advor- ;
tisement for which we were paid. And now j
a word or two on this subject. When an ad- j
vertisement is handed to an editor for publi- ,
caiion, with the name of its author, he is obli
ged, by the laws of the corps, to give it an in- j i
sertion, if he is paid for it. The race of men, I
called gamblers, who infest this community, i j
are certainly injurious to our society, and we ;;
lament as much as any one, that they are. to- <
lerated. What, however, could we do! We ;
had long ago declared our law, that we were t
bound to publish, and should publish, every (
advertisement, which did not contain some- f
thing offensive to public decency, for which i
we were paid. The citizens of this place, t
and we say it in sorrow, had stamped the j
Gamblers (as far as they could stamp them,) t
with the character of gentlemen. They were c
—they always have been, up to this day, in- r
vited to almost every party, ball, or dance, ii
in town. It was n source ol'lamentution that It
, was so, but such was the ease. W herever
ou went—iu almost every house—you met a
rambler. Were we not bound then to ex
end to them the same privilege which we
re bound to extend to all men! At least
hey were men, unconvicted of any crime,
,nd had a right to be hoard in their own de
vice. Had one of them been placed at the
iar to be tried for his life, ho would ht*vc
teen allowed to be heard by counsel, and if
ic had been too poor to employ them, the
?ourt would have appointed him two. But
here is a wider view of this subject—and to
his wc will attend in a moment,.
As wc before said, the «ramb]er. in this
dace, has ever been treated as a gentleman,
it was always repulsive to us, but such
seemed to be the law of society, and though
see did not choose to submit to it, and have
lever done it—though we have never invited
;hem to our humble house, nor made them
iur companions, still we thought it unadvised
Lo commence a crusade against, the customs
if this society. Wo are not stating this as a
reproach, for Ilcaven knows we take not the
pen now for recrimination. The plain and
simple truth is as we have stated it. The ar
ticle which was placed in our advertising co
lumns, contained the following sentences,
and we ask this community to weigh them
well.
“If the laws are against 11s, we are ame
nable to them—we oppose not their execu
tion, and hold ourselves accountable to
them in every way.”
“When the people of the conntry see fit
no longer to patronize ns, we shall be for
ced to depart. When society and public
sentiment are against us, we shall go our
way.”
Vv hat a lesser, do these few convey
to ue! Could a more cutting and galling re
proach have been uttered—a more keen and
biting satire, than is contained in these plain
sentences? This people is here told, from
the mouths of the Gamblers themselves, that
the laws are not put put in force against
them, and therefore they stay—that when so
ciety and public sentiment are against them,
they must go their way. Viewing as we did
the state of things here, wo thought it well
that the people should bo told by the Gam
biors themselves, why they remain here, and
when they will depart. We published it, and
we deserve the thanks of the people for so
doing. It has awakened them like an elec
tric shook. They are astonished, aroused,
and alarmed. What! shall a horde of men
with no business whereby to live, but that of
public gaming, stand up here among us, and
tell ns boldly, that we do not execute our
laws, that they are a mockery and a byword,
weak as cobwebs, and as useless too—that
this people patronize and encourage and fon
dle on them, while they ridicule and despise
us for it. Had we done no other service to
this people in our short editorial career, we
should deserve their thanks and their grati
tude for what wc have done. Have we for
gotten that a faro bank and a roulette table
were openly exhibited on the race course—
that almost every grocery in this town has
been a gambling shop! And does he deserye
no thanks, who permitted the voice of the
gambler himself, in the columns of his paper,
to rebuke and scoff at us—who takes the only
means, even if it should be the fall of a sud
ien thunderbolt, to awaken a sleeping people
'rom their apathy! We do aver, and well do
he Gazette and Times know it to be true,
hat the advertisement which we published,
vas the sole cause of the meeting which ori
ginated the Anti-Gaming Association.
And now as to our opinion of the manner
n which these men should be treated. We
aere proffer our heart and hand, as honestly as
ever we did it in our life, to the Gazette and
the Times, and every man among this peo
ple, in any legal and lawful measures which
may be adopted to rid us of these locusts of
Egypt. We care not if they were swept in
;o the Red sea, like their prototypes, if it can
)e done legally,jutlly,and with proper respect
.o ourselves. We are no friends to them, we
:onternn and despise them—but so long as we
lave strength to wield the pen, or thoughts
.vhich we can write down, we will protest,
md if need be, personally oppose, any illegal
.'iolence or trampling upon the laws to obtain
vengeance, when the consequences are to re
lound in disastrous ruin upon our own heads.
We have strong and good laws, and if our
Justices of the Peace will take cognizance—
is by the law they are bound to do, of all
raining done in their sight—if our Sheriffs
ind Constables and Prosecutors will do their
iuty—we shall soon bo rid of the pestilence
;hat is among us. We will never shrink from
my responsibility which may rest upon us.
iVe will support the laws and those who sup
>ort them, with our property, our energies,
md our life. We will go onward, elbow to
ilbow, with those who battle in defence of,
,nd according to, the laws. We will attempt
o lead and to influence public opinion. We
hose to let the rebuke of the gamblers go
arth untouched and unanswered, to produce !
ts effect. It has done so. It has awakened j
he community—they arc looking anxiously \
round them for the means and the weapons
y which to rid themselves of this curse—
nd it is now our duty, and the duty of eve
y editor and every man who can in any way
nfluence the public mind, to seo to it that
he weapons which the public employ, arc
not those of illegal violence and revolutiona
ry fury. It would be a sail anomaly indeed,
to see’ a community of freemen, who have
made their own laws,breaking them down by
their own ill-judged violence, and putting the
torch to the fabric which they themselves
have built up, because a few outcasts lurk in
the shadow of its walls. It would be like
the daefrer into their own
hearts. We doubt exceedingly a resort to
any measures out of the pale of the law
even the slightest. It has been once tried
here—and lost one of our citizens his life,
without producing any beneficial result. Did
we believe that the people would not make
the strong hand of the law felt by these birds
of passage, we should be in favor ol any
measures which might change and revolu
tionize our government, and give us one
| stronger and more effective. But it would
I be a burning insult to the community, it would
j be allowing and agreeing to our own shame,
! to say openly and plainly that the laws ol a
Republic cannot be as strong and as well en
forced as those of a Monarchy. To the in
discretion of th® editor of the Times, such
concessions and such advice may ho pardon
ed—he will learn wisdom with age—but for
the Gazette there is no excuse. We are,
however, charitable enough to suppose, that
that paper had spoken without well weighing
its words, or looking well at the deadly im
port of the advice which it gives. We as
sure bo/h papers that the Advocate snail go
hand in hand with them, so long as they are
guided by law—but whenever they propose
to break down all that is worth living for in a
Republic—when they propose to break down
the entrenchments for the sake ot making one
saUy—\Ve niust, as citizens of a free and civi
lized community, firmly and unwaveringly
oppose them. hen vve throw down the
law, the sole defence and rampart of freedom
—the defensive armor of Liberty herself, we
expose ourselves to anarchy, and prepare our
necks for the foot of a despot to tread upon.
But let them aid us in awakening and arous
ing the people, in turning public sentiment
against the Gamblers, and in urging the offi
cers of justice to do the-ir plain and simple du
ty, and to tread in the straight forward path
which the law points out to them, and they
will have deserved well of their country.
But if they should stir up the people to deeds
of violence and outrage, they will have done
much towards fitting us to be slaves. Let
every citizen determine to do his duty—let
the Gamblers cease to be members of society
—let their banks and gaming table's be de
serted—let us refuse to countenance those
who are at least honorary members of the
fraternity, and, as the Gamblers themselves
acknowledge, they must leave us. But so
long as the laws are not put in force—as their
banks and tables are thickly surrounded by
our most respectable citizens—and above all,
so long as men, even while writing against
them, will seek their acquaintance, and sub
ject themselves to the insult of a rebuff, we
can expect no better.
We have already extended this article to
an unwarrantable length, but we must crave
a moment’s indulgence. Our object has been
only to defend ourselves. We have not given
way to the anger which the unqualified and
fierce charges of the Gazette and Times
might have caused. We have not flung back
reproach for reproach, nor reviling for revi
ling, though, had we wished it, there was
ample opportunity.—We have been accused
of having been bought up and silenced—of
[prostituting our press!
The coalition of two papers so dissimilar,
against us, cannot excite arty other feelings
I than those of pity and contempt. But the re
per, in the columns of which Mr. Woodruff
was reviled in the most bitter terms of denun
ciation by Governor Pope, and from another
in which “Douglass” made equal havoc with
the Editor of the Times. If the two presses
see fit to unite their fearful powers against
us, “in Heaven’s name let them on!” If they
can forget and forgive, we are by no means
unwilling—and if the one paper can adminis
ter battery by the bowl full to the other—
and the stomach of the latter does not revolt
at the dose, we shall not disturb them at their
amusement. We have done with them.
We have here defended our course before
the people—the only tribunal where we are
called on to answer. If there is any man
who shall think that we have acted wrongly,
we can only assure him that our conduct in
this matter has arisen from stern conviction,
and not from the impulse or agitation of the
moment. We appeal to Ca;sar.
We have but a word or two to spare on the
correspondent of the Gazette who signs him
self “A Republican.” Will the Republican
in his next communication, state whether
Richard M. Johnson, was or was not trie reg
ularly nominated candidate of the Baltimore
Convention, according to its own rules of pro
ceeding ! Will he tell us whether Tennessee
is or is not a portion of the “ great Republi
can party,” which met at Baltimore J Will
he tell us whether Je fferson, whether Jackson
at his first election, considered such a con-,
vention a legitimate and regular mode of se
lecting candidates! Will he inform us in de
tail, what are the principles of what he calls
republicanism, and in what Van Burcn has
nigner cutuiib uu iuu nu^aum-an party than
White—and also wherein White has f0rSl.
ken the principles with which Jackson came
into office 1 Will he toll us how many of the
New England Federal States will go for Van
lluren—and whether the Boston Courier and
the Worcester Spy, have not openly declared
that, as Federalists, they prefer Van Bureu
to White | Will lie inform us how long it is
since Connecticut and tiie Republican Van
Buren party—Hartford Convention and Bal
timore-Convention joined hands 1 And lastly,
will he prove to us that Van Buren will not
receive a larger vote among the Federalists,
than any man excepting Webster 1
;uiu Win lno editor ol the Gazette mlorni
[us when he become a Jackson man_and
I whether he was not a federalist in New York
I—and also here, until Jackson came into
1 power 1
We wish for “ A Republican” to go on.—
< We desire a plain and candid discussion of
these things, and he shall ha met.
We have received by the Memphis Gazette,
some further particulars respecting the state
; of things in Mississippi. The already crowd
1 ed state of our columns precludes us from in
I serting the article entire. It seems that a
; committee of 13 respectable men was appoint
| ed in Madison county, by whose verdict Cot
ton and Saunders were hung. Cotton made
a full confession. He was an accomplice of
'• tliC celebrated Mure!——who bad heen a mam.
1 ber in two grand councils with Cotton. The
! project embraced the whole slave region from
Maryland to Louisiana—and contemplated
: the destruction of the whites in all the slave
States, and the absolute conquest of the coun
.
*
i
i
1 try. Five white men, altogetner, have been
I hunc in Livingston. Among the rest, Reti,
Brake, who was to have been a General. A
chap by the name of Hunter, had been ap
prehended Committees are still in session
in Madison and Clinton counties. We hope
that their plans have not included Arkansas,
but at all events it would be well for our citi
zens on the Mississippi to keep a vigilant
look out.
Appointment by the Governor.—De La
Fayette Roysdon, to be Prosecuting At
torney for the Second Judicial Circuit of the
Territory of Arkansas, in the room of James
W. Robinson, removed from the Territory.
Miller county, July Gth, 1835.
Dear Sir—In a late excursion through
| this county, I by chance saw in different
hands, your Advocate directed to S. W.
French. Now I know Mr. French has
j been dead some 12 months, and that he
died insolvent. I think it nothing but com
J inon duty to make this communication, as
j I have every reason to believe that you are
unapprised of the fact.
Yours, &c.
r
The Postmaster at'Miller C. II. will oblige
us when next a subscriber dies whose paper fj
j is sent to his office—by not permitting us to v
j send the paper more than xix months after his
decease.
Extract from a letter to the Editor, dated is
Helena, A. T., July 22, 1835.
“ We are State government men in this jj|
! county—our candidates all go for the meas- |
1 ure, and I believe we have a majority of gjj
i White men. I send you a couple of toasts |
drank in this county on the 4th of July— j|
; as the Herald is defunct at least for a time, I
j we were unable to have the proceedings of S
j our celebrations published.
“ At Helena. The late Baltimore Con- H
! venlion—None ever suspected them of be- |
| mg While men. Spotless White needs no 1
whitewashing.
“ At King’s, in Phillips county. Hon. K
Hugh L. White—May the south and west ®
[shew to the world that they are for Whito
and honesty, against Dutch intrigue and |
; Albany corruption.”
For the Advocate.
The individual alluded to in the commu
r.icalion in the Gazette of the 28th inst.
signed “Many Citizens,” requests the Edi
tor to give the public the names of those
! “Many Citizens,” for he does not believe
there are any citizens that ever authorized
the communication, and that it is a base
and malicious falsehood, and originated
with no other individual than the Editor
himself.
*
ANTI-GAMING ASSOCIATION
At a meeting of a number of the citizens
of Pulaski county, opposed to the practice
of public gaming, held in Little Rock, on
the 26th day of July, 1835, David Ful
ton, Esq., Mayor of the Town of Little
Rock, was called to Ihe chair, and Col.
Samuel M. Rutherford, appointed Se
cretary, when the following constitution
and resolutions were unanimously adopted,
with the exception of one dissenting voice;
CONSTITUTION.
Art. 1. We, the citizens of tho county *
of Pulaski, in the Territory of Arkansas,
do hereby form ourselves into an associ- -|
ation, to be known and called by the name
of the Anti-Gaming Association.
Art. 2. We pledge our honor that we s
will use all fair and legal means to sup
press professional gaming.
Art. 3. We promise to discountenance |
all professional gamblers, and all persons
who may countenance, associate, or gamble
with them.
Art. 4, There shall, every six months* g
(on the last Wednesdays of July and ^
January,) be elected by this Society* a
President, two Vico Presidents, and a Se
cretary, of the Anti-Gaming Association.
888—1