Headline: NA
Newspaper: Litchfield enquirer.
Date: 1835-07-30
Article ID: 10_1835-07-30_p3_sn84020071_0041418294A_1835073001_0127
Index Number: preciv446
Spellchecked Text: make one extract which relates to the removal of the
Sheriff of this county taking occasion to inquire whether
the new Sheriff has yet appointed a Deputy for this town
other than the importation from Washington whether democrat
of this town has not yet been discovered who is competent
to discharge the duties of the appointment. For the first
time in the annals of Connecticut, a Sheriff was removed,
without cause, from his office. We know of no removal at
all, but on political grounds there never was one. When an
attempt was made in 1826, to remove Sheriff for gross
dereliction of duty it entirely failed, and none was
boisterous than his defense, than the member from Sharon.
But the tables had now turned and find this same gentleman
sacrificing one of his political friends without shame or
remorse. Attempts were made to be moderated alarmed at such
high-handed measures. The sheriffs by the Constitution are
to hold their offices three years, unless removed. The
cause of removal is not specified but is abundantly evident
that the framers of that instrument never conceived
possible that the Legislature would on political grounds
merely. To suppose otherwise is to make mere children's
play of the whole, and render entirely imperative the
provision Sheriffs under the old charter, had held their
offices for three years, and had not been removed for
opinions sake and of the importance of stability in that
office, unquestionably intended to give permanency to the
established usage and secure that important officer from
the too sudden fluctuations of party. But that
Constitution, in its spirit at least, has received wound
fatal example has been set an example, which bad men will
always lay hold of, and which exposes this important county
officer to the wily intrigues of compeers and aspirants. We
were more surprised at this attack, because it was headed
and pressed on by the Litchfield County section of the
party faction, which laid claim to more independence and
candor but in the end showed itself capable of all the low
intrigue and baseness of the regency. Not behind in moral
turpitude, they played their base in style quite equal to
the AHO. It is true they occasionally diverged upon
subjects of minor importance yet in the main, were quite as
radical as the most thorough-going Jacksonian could wish.
We hope the tergiversations of this group will be
thoroughly exposed to their constituents, and then we
believe they will think with that their only merit consists
in standing against more light and knowledge More
prescription !-In these days, so rife with political
prescription, it is common and almost every day occurrence
to record the removal of some worthy man from office to
make room for hungry partizan a few days ago Mr. John
Beach, of New Haven was removed from the office of County
Court Clerk by the partizan Judges thereof and crawling
young demagogue a lawyer from the upper part Of the county
appointed in his place. And we now learn that the first act
of the County Court of Hartford county at its session last
week, was to remove Mr. Griswold and appoint young lawyer,
Philo A. Goodwin, in his place. It is thus with the Jackson
party they have multitude of young lawyers growing up, who,
for the want perhaps of means and requirements to succeed
at their business be provided with good fat offices to gain
their bread. We have no particular objection to the lawyers
having fair proportion but whenever vacancy occurs
notwithstanding their unceasing vociferation about equal
rights, the common People the dear people, they step in
claim it as reward for political services, and carry off
the prize. East have queer way of administering justice to
culprits which, though contrary to law, always be very much
deprecated. Such case not long since occurred at Natchez,
and more recently Mobile, where though the law was outraged
public opinion was so much in favor of the outrage that the
perpetrators were not harmed. nor even an attempt made to
do it. But the outrage of which account is given below is
of such horrible that we should imagine the perpetrators
must at least undergo a trial. In addition to this account
another paper states that the original cause Of the
difficulty that the people of Vicksburg denied to the
gamblers the right participate in the festivities of the
4th of July. It is further stated that Dr. Bodley received
eleven shots in his body. Escaped the Louisville (ky)
Advertiser. July 17. We have just learned the particulars
of the horrible affair reported by one of the steamboats
yesterday! It appears that some persons had kept gambling
house in Vicksburg for some time, and as usual these
establishments had their pimps and their decoys employed,
inveigling inexperienced young men into the Lions den,
where they invariably fleeced of all they possessed, and
frequently ill-treated by the conductors. The inhabitants,
determined to abate the nuisance, had several meetings, and
given notice repeatedly to the offenders quit the city by
certain Time or suffer the consequences of outraged
community. The day at length arrived when the committee
waited on them and told them that their passage was paid
for on board steamboat and quit they must. They positively
refused the committee retired to deliberate and again
returned but the house closed. and When Was a shots fired
from the windows, one of which struck Dr. Bodley the
chairman of the committee and caused his immediate death.
Another gentleman of responsibility severely wounded, and
the rest of the bullets passed through the hats of the
other members of the committee. The townspeople immediately
assembled. broke open the house, seized those men, the only
inmates, dragged them to the public square and HANGED them
instanter! They posted sentries, and gave notice that any
person who approached them for twenty four hours would be
served likewise. All the money, before the suspended
bodies, and the committee paid it all away to all who could
prove they had lost money the house. About twelve fifteen
persons in connection with the house started for this city
in haste to avoid similar fate. These the particulars as we
have heard them, we shall make no comments upon so dreadful
an occurrence, hoping the account has been exaggerated.
Since the above was in type we have heard that Doctor
Bodley was murdered in the gaming house, at table, which
was the original cause of this execution of summary justice
of Lynch law is called. The persons executed were Mr.
North, who kept a tavern Dunich Bill, his barkeeper, Mr.
Samuel Smith, Mr. Cullum, and Mr. Mccall.
