covered in Yolo county, about three miles from Cache Creek Canyon, in a pool of water, horribly
mutilated, his head being crushed, and his neck, breast, and other parts of the body torn and bitten in
a dreadful manner. He had with him a double-barreled shotgun, the stock of which was broken in several
places, showing that the poor fellow made a desperate fight with his opponent, which was probably a
grizzly bear. The place where he was found is some ten miles from a house, and it is probable that he
had been dead some two months. Nearly all the flesh on his bones had been pulled off in the desperate
death struggle. Horrible Murder and Lynching.-A most brutal murder was committed on Monday afternoon,
Oct. 18th, at Cooks Bar, Sacramento county, by a Chinaman. The Chinaman entered the store of Mrs. Sarah
Neal, while she was the only occupant, and stabbed her three times with a knife, inflicting a mortal
wound each time. She died instantly. The murderer was taken by the people of the Bar, hastily tried, and
hung to a tree. It is supposed that his object was robbery. Mrs. Neal's husband had gone to Fraser
River, and she was keeping a provision store on her own account. Sickness at Oroville.-A gentleman
recently from Oroville, states that the people there and in the surrounding country are still suffering
from the unusual prevalence of febrile diseases that have appeared there during the past summer. There
has never, we believe, been so much sickness in any part of the country as there has been during this
season in that region of the country; but the disease is, and has been of a type more disagreeable than
dangerous, fatal cases being extremely rare. Death of Patriarch.-The Los Angeles Star notices the death
of Don Antonio Ignacio Abila, at that place, on the 25th ult. His age was not known, but he is supposed
to have been over ninety years old. He was born in the Villa de Fuerte, Mexico, and came when very young
to California; served his country as a soldier, and by industry and integrity accumulated great
wealth-the greater part of which he gave away in works of charity. Badly Sold.-The English government
has been badly sold in regard to the Fraser River mines. By the late steamer, a detachment of engineers,
under command of a captain, arrived at San Francisco, on their way to Vancouver Island, to erect block
houses to hold the gold and force of 800 constables and a regiment of soldiers were shortly to have been
dispatched to enforce order in the mines. The San Joaquin.-The exploring party, under Capt. Hight, have
returned from the Upper San Joaquin. They ascended the river one hundred and seventy-five miles in small
boats. The steamer Henrietta will commence running as soon as there is a slight rise of the river, and
will probably be able to run eight or nine months of the year. Convicted.-Joseph Ennis, indicted for
killing a Mexican at San Antonio, Calaveras county, last spring, was convicted of murder at the last
session of the District Court in that county. At the same time, the Chinaman, Chung Lug, was found
guilty of murder in the first degree for the killing of another Chinaman in August last. Crime in
Sierra.-The grand jury lately in session at Downieville, found thirteen indictments, as follows: Two for
assault with intent to commit murder; three for assault with deadly weapons; one for grand larceny;
three for felony; two for embezzlement; one for misdemeanor one for assault and battery. School Children
in Stockton.-The whole number of children in Stockton, under the age of 18 years, is 1905 between the
ages of 4 and 18, 450. Of these, 274 were born in California. Of those between the ages of and 18, about
235 are females and 215 are males. Preaching to the Insane.-Rev. O. P. Fitzgerald, editor of the Pacific
Methodist addressed the inmates of the Insane Asylum, at Stockton, on Sunday, Oct. 18th, and it is
remarked that they paid the most devout attention to the services. No Use for Them-Capt Cole, of the
Royal British Engineers, who arrived at San Francisco on the last steamer, on his way to Victoria, was
robbed of a fine scarlet suit of regimentals. The thief, having no use for them, sent them back to the
captain. Truant Children-The number of children attending the public schools of San Francisco, who play
truant has become so large that the County Superintendent recommends the employment of an officer or
beadle to hunt them up. White Wheat for Distribution-U. S. Marshal Solomon received by the last steamer
from Hon. G. L. Scott, at Washington, a number of packages of superior Carolina wheat for distribution
among the farmers of California. California Lions-Mr. Charles Hudspeth, a farmer of Sonoma county,
killed four lions on his farm during one week. He has killed sixteen of these 'varmints' since year ago
last February. Sailing of the Steamer.-The steamer J. L. Stephens sailed for Panama on the 10th, with
$81,391 in treasure, and about four hundred passengers. Hon. J. G. McKibbin was among the passengers.
Fatal Accident.-A man named Dennis Roe, a native of Meath county, Ireland, was killed at Alder Creek, on
Tuesday, Oct. 18th, by the caving of a bank in a mining claim. His age was 23 years. Chinese in
Mariposa.-The revenue from foreign miners licenses, paid into the county treasury of Mariposa, from
September 1857 to September 1858, amounts to $4,000. Cost of Schools.-Superintendent James, in his
annual report, states that the expense of the public schools of San Francisco, for the past year, has
been $104,502.43. Quartz Excitement.-Much excitement exists in the vicinity of Campo Seco, on account of
the recent discovery of a very rich quartz lode near that place. Caged.-Stock Whitley, celebrated chief
of the Des Chutes, is in confinement at Fort Vancouver. The old fellow is as morose as a gagged lion.
Frustrated.-An attempt to rob the Sonora stage, near Stockton, on Wednesday last, was frustrated by the
energy of the driver. Suicide-A man named Douglas shot himself
